Published using Google Docs
Report abuseLearn more
UX Nebula OS System Features
Updated automatically every 5 minutes



UX Nebula OS System Features

By Anthony Matarazzo





A new era in ghost visualization technology, composite language manufacturing, and applied scientific API name hierarchy for operating system, desktop production, embedded device imaging and much more.




© 2024 Anthony Matarazzo


Introduction        3

Research Investment        6

Vector Font System        7

Text Shape Coordinate Locking        8

Dynamic Font Designer Controls        8

formation - first byte signature domain        9

Dynamic Computer Language Infrastructure        11

Versatile System Database        13

Object System for Cross-Language and Platform Exposure        15

Layout and Graphic Primitives        22

Low Level Data Structure        22

Document Object Model        26

Audio Subsystem        55

Dynamic HID Devices Using OSR        60

Video Playback        62

Image Processing        62

Three-Dimensional Visualization Scenegraph        63

Game Publishing at Store Level        64

POSIX Adaptor and Language        64

Base System API        65

OS System Printing        65

Project Based Planning        65

Visual Planning of Desktop Experience        65

Rating        66

Security        66

Automated Testing        66

System Coding Standards and Document Requirements        66





Introduction
This project is a research API for the C++ 17 and above language to provide a document object model for visualization. By supplying a jotted plan, with some proven methods of solving problems, academic and product planning can become a less risky plan. By supplying development and structured planning, new avenues of serious technology deployment can strategically update the technology curve.


The visualization layer is typically instantiated by legacy models, except for the tried and true Java Model. One part of the product can be designed to be cross-platform, C++ UX DOM.  The template DOM library works precisely with the standard library without adding new data types. It supports rapid development and incorporates a small set of memorable names within its model. Together with a simplified yet robust layer for the OS model supporting, audio, networking, and the many other accouterments of modern computing devices, a realized model of system and event design applies to multiple kernel technologies. Yet as a primary use, the POSIX kernel with the very few calls that it has, such as the Linux kernel, the system design may be accelerated by utilizing the model.


The base visualization layer is a templated-oriented implementation for higher performance and integrated syntax. It offers the document object model integrated with C++ language as a natural syntax that appears like HTML because of the use of < >. As a provisioned language operating within a known format such as C++, the currently working model supplies its accesses to multiple languages. One form of using this computing facility is that source code from alternate text formats may be produced and then compiled. There are multiple cases where this methodology is used - code production.


Research into a method of invocation of newer font systems that do not utilize external sources. The system must offer better projection, and art amazement with the coloring of glyphs. Natural, logical soft font sizes with enhanced rendering that is solved algorithmically can be realized from the misgivings of the web browser. That is typically the measurements of the screen, dpi, and reader context usages can imply multiple traits of how the layout should be produced. The smart television is a device in the field of view where it is at a greater distance than a computer monitor.


Designing application life cycle using a combination of upgraded technology patterns is much easier with well thought out plans. As well, some efforts of first stage development can be described as - limiting the scope to the system layer. Integrating the dynamic language compiler is a very compelling system design. One may have to decide through research if using a garbage collector is appropriate. As a system facility, the holistic modern IDE accompaniments can be well maintained and developed. Items such as pretty printing, a type of layout and data structure traversal used to find and correct errors is important. The layout facilities are accustomed to usability. Languages dynamically produced from composite objects can be tailored to produce documentation about the language. As well, providing a template fill in for new items to be documented.


Designing the document object model and also compiler language facilities to automate facets of generating visual layout is a robust feature. Several code directives can be planned and in place for a well structured system. Such as, integrating the basic problems of language construction and providing cross-system interoperability using a memory-oriented scheme with high throughput for visual layout. A system wide format of shared memory data structures, allocated by the main visualization component perhaps. Adaptively changing binary code interfaces using indirect logic access provides a context for polymorphic object use. That is, the same systems of structure communication can be utilized in C++, Java, R, Forth, Basic, Go, JavaScript, Rust, Python, Ruby, PHP or any newly developed computer languages. The effect is much faster and more efficient box types for direct language use.


A dynamic language system can provide advanced time saving features such as generating syntax parsers using the visitor pattern. The visitor pattern, an AST tree context routine, provides a small routine, prenamed, but ready to be filled in to handle a case. So for example, if a new language were created to be similar to Python, but have some new terms, and simply other features, one new language element would be enacted as a visitor. The routine that handles the “video” object. Dynamic language creation supports importing existing language properties, documentation, debugging facilities, and IDE development facilities so that it can be created much easier and tailored. The basic computer language construction uses a type of Bison grammar and is an existing provisioned working technology component. Not having to debug an entire compiler tool chain saves many hours of development work. The value is found in that a working standard, with the complexities of a computer language implementation, is working perfectly. As such, working models can be built upon to produce much easier. One dissection of the new language is that it is similar, worded and also operating on a liked basis.


Yet such versatile parsing grammar languages can also be used for other works. Such as a file or record format reader. Input mechanisms for binary readers of image files.  Each line of an input stream may vary according to a classification or so defined by the grammar as a database input tool for big data processing. The various nature is that multiple parsing formats and data transforms can be native formatting for document object model display. As the powerhouse of speed, one economic transfer is allowing less resources to be used than current devices request.


Some new types of language features may be developed if C++ STD base is not to be utilized. To support the low level algorithms which accordinging to yesterday’s programming style were complex, can be supplied in a uniform better documented base. Several algorithms are important, of which are very simple.  For example, writing a set of base library routines for string, paragraph, indexing, table of contents, binary tree, arrays, linked lists, double links, or other types of genetic algorithms are touted by the STD base. A template programming language with data type, structure, and logic, that is class-based, and supports basic types of memory, mutex, and system calls can walk away from the C++ STD supplied library. The template language provides resolution for multiple languages. By using one library coded in the template syntax, protocol formats may be developed. All computer programming languages compiled may utilize them with their types, attaching to the keys. Data table searching, and adaptive storage are often overlooked at the system layer, providing that each instantiation utilizes its own interface. Templates provide the ability to orient performance also. Inheritance in template design also provides useful groups of object or module templates.


Automating image mixing with transparency in text layout is a useful tool. In this, rendering glyph text may reside in nonsquare bounds flowing within the image composite layer. Polygon-flowing text areas may be designed visually as part of the digital image. Graceful character glyphs with built-in styles further define reading areas aesthetically. A complete technology plan that includes beautiful images with integrated layout can connect graphical design and programming implementation easier.


The original aspect of the web browser program was to encapsulate rudimentary aspects of client as server communication. Gopher, another pre HTTP protocol, has similar attributes. Yet as always, the end result of a complete HTML web browser application leaves most types of publishing not accessible to users. Users that wish to publish books in the format, or write applications for data entry and database storage will most likely not use it. To provide the same well liked functionality is to provide a stream model that is well formed and possibly binary. One aspect of HTML is that it expanded beyond the user domain and became more of a programming language. The basic format of the HTML comes from the SGML definition. SImply the beginning and ending tag nomenclature yet the inner words change to be more meaningful for documentation, or application designers. The main perspective is tailoring to audiences for a type of writing markup. For example, a user writing a series of context SGML markups may more consistently define data entry forms, publishing requirements and the appearance of text as an understandable description.


System Features


Linux kernel



      #include "viewManager.hpp"

using namespace std;

using namespace ViewManager;


      int main(int argc, char argv) {


       auto &vm = createElement<Viewer>(

              objectTop{10_pct}, objectLeft{10_pct}, objectHeight{80_pct},      

              objectWidth{80_pct}, textFace{"arial"}, textSize{16_pt}, textWeight{400},      

              textIndent{2_em}, lineHeight::normal, textAlignment::left,      

              position::relative, paddingTop{5_pt}, paddingLeft{5_pt},      

              paddingBottom{5_pt}, paddingRight{5_pt}, marginTop{5_pt},      

              marginLeft{5_pt}, marginBottom{5_pt}, marginRight{5_pt});  


              vm << "Hello World\n";  

              vm.render();

        }




The use of exterior words apart from the standard c++ library often adds to the namespace bounds for developers. To utilize the push_back, delete, insert keywords, and provide C++ algorithm support may add superfluous design. Yet as a publishing interface, API items such as createElement, create the thinking domain of a tree. The element object is the base instanitation for most other objects. Yet these few functions can be added to provide STD syntax. Review and simplify if necessary. Adding these routines in place of createElement. One may also simply provide a call through template classes named the STD. Does it make the code more readable? Downfalls?  Here is an example.


      auto e=vm.push_back<h1>({});



Another relevant task is to evaluate system design complexity. Less code and more elegant algorithms. How much data should the system be able to handle, or expected to handle? The limits of a usable interface should be met well before processing the nature of the machine. Providing upper bounds is important, and security of compositions within a window box. That is, well-behaved applications merely occupy their visual window and not traversal programs apart.


Because the font system is embedded without downloadable fonts, it depends on less insecure data. The nature of X11 transport is created here, as is the rudimentary stream type for information displays transposed from SGML - HTML web page layouts to a rendering pipeline. Limiting the prospects of ever supporting all features of the browser, there can be some types of transfer support for the native layout of books, with images, games, etc. Where the format is just loaded and displayed. Routines of components plugged in, and simple logic to handle all business needs. Much more effective than the Javascript language for database entry applications.


Language definition and modern compiler design have to advance to support these technologies. The ability to craft simple computer language files, plug it into the system, and utilize more summarization techniques, and encapsulation, offers using perhaps LLVM. The scope of producing efficient code is seen with C++, yet how much input is required to provide these types of results on object-oriented designs is difficult to know. For example, there are a huge number of options for call sites to know about, yet perhaps only a few of them will be used while using LLVM. The use of the AST data structure and recursion with a tokenizer is how modern expressions are typically evaluated. The integrated comparisons and vector types, memory allocation, rely on stack space, or heap space.


One great benefit is a working program. The clang compiler offers an extensive framework for integrating language additions. The ability to extend and also feed the clang compiler from multiple language contexts exists. That is, C++ is a language at a low level and supports even higher-level language facilities using more code input. The additions of AST-injected code support the newer language facilities.


A feature of design is the linking of an object to be accomplished completely in memory, such that the program's internal memory management is built structurally for changes. It is important to remember that GUI memory and other object data in some system designs may reside within another process space requiring the use of shared memory. It is of interest to maximize the development of transfer options by invoking a container using a type of protocol that transfers the data without future changes. This can work using loaded symbol files that store a protocol table, for example. The database_t template format is designed to encompass the requirements. As a binary construct, an internal branch structure that supports dynamic protocol building, and array access to native and compiled types is achievable. Objects that function quickly ultimately must depend on no transfers of data.


Yet it is known that the standard library is not within this space and does not implement an object protocol format. Yet advancing possible designs, for example, templates can be designed with a select array of query functions that test using constexpr that make allowable code path productions possible. One use is to tailor the routine around this distinction. More research into coupling between two objects using templates and compile time protocols should be accomplished. There are also other types of advanced template functions that provide static code polymorphism, testing if a base type is within the inherited stack. Advancing the plan of C++ standards, keeping it pertinent as a language, but reinventing the format for holistic W3C model like. So for example, testing if the container or element supports raw data transfer of its memory location as a size or structure allows it to be automatically transferred as a data type to the rendering process. The complete package of data elements within a shared memory buffer as a whole is best. Parts of it are locked and managed. So the objects, in use by multiple systems, detect the necessity of mutex, or shared memory. Objects that persist as network, database, or view disposal can be next generation results.


So the testing of the STL version and capabilities are evident for some features, more projects in other departments of system design. new component systems for native C++, memory linking, container, and vector storage. Other types of problem solvers can utilize protocol-style buffers to develop real-time call site mechanisms to versioned interface objects. One huge problem with object growth style is too many interface changes and outdated functionality. The loading of a binary footprint within the (.so) binary file that is selective while other parts are not needed is useful in updating link-time components. Thereby agreeing to a level of depreciation.  


Interfaces often grow to add support for functional updates in other industry areas, and then are modified to be technically ineffective as a whole, and hence altered forms are adopted in the future. Simple changes that can be described through comparison and analysis to promote automatic updating of software are advanced. A C++ program that runs in the future, and adopts a liked interface portion, style, and control palette, has to be planned well. One remark is that in such uncompromising circumstances where all cannot be provided, is that generalizations are in place. Such as centralized recognition of styles for font display.


One focus of the HTML brand is that within the group of writers, one expects ordinary writers to accomplish the tags. There are all sorts of tags flying around, yet as a writer, some tags do make sense. The ability to more accurately define a useful layout language that also can inherit additional SGML namespaces such as academic MLA, Universal Addresses, or Control Patterns makes better building block sense to expose them in layout technology. Therefore the mode of the page tags should offer exciting possibilities for an audience. The usefulness of this dynamic tag declaration supplied within the base system can be effective. The Element object supplies this functionality through inheritance. Offering a useful consolidated approach to audience style writing, and modes of writing can be useful to many people. This method of template C++ DOM provides this easily.


In testing the system, programs that try to crash the system with all types of obscure work, some resulting from errors, or invalid data, should be crafted. Building a system full of error messages is excellent for business systems. Yet routines that are within a domain of logic can be expected to operate without errors on input. In low-level algorithm programming, it is often necessary to skip errors on input to achieve throughput.


While the code is built based upon nomenclature HTML basic tags, to invoke. Modifying the C++ template to yield placement into a raw pointer node tree can be useful. The task of pointer management of this kind has been solved many times before, but problems do come again. As an enhancement, moving away from a small token within the function namespace to a well-spelled method tends to offer programming companionship. Such as instead of createElement< H1 > to using more of a c++ street legal academic terminology, to createElement<H1_t>({}), or createElement<heading_t<1>>({}). Moving away from some condensed forms to more structured labels. These questions should be prized.


Designing edit components was a shift in methodology to craft them in pure browser languages. Yet as a mixture, native and new controls should rely on object-oriented inheritance. The work of entering a character, designing a WYSIWYG document editor, and the like has become embedded solely in the JavaScript world. To build a system that can provide extensive editing features, grammar, spelling, and consumer versus business audience publishing is well deserved in designing as a base feature object. Therefore component engineering to supply longevity should utilize the mixed component rendering technology.


Forms of gradient definition within the color tag. Color should also support images, etc. Perhaps the system buildup will include an object that simply encapsulates the entire engine as a stream context with a discrete focus on types of functionality that are plug-in-based. As a reusable object, with an encoded binary stream input for function invocation brevity. A stream with graphic database file loading. Parts of the stream exist to instruct the dynamic alteration of the graphic asset in multiple forms, even over time. For example, making a series of 2d curves shaped differently as its beautification attributes are used. The ability to set up a rendering chain that is complex with multiple types of composite graphics, and animation layers is an easily adopted figure.


Especially within the color tag, gradient producer, or effects. As a friend class of the nodes, inspecting the analyzed output from 2d vector queries, quadrant area significance, blending, and unification within the animation aesthetics provides effective display capabilities.


Many have tried before and simply decided to increase complexity. Yet as a font object, can more intelligent decisions be made by the system as a group? Typically the infrastructure of font systems, as a granular focus, offers pop, push, and stack instructions The effectiveness of rendering nicely solved by vector data and pure code on the other side seems inviting. As a tailored approach using less data, intelligent processed letter, word, and advanced quick raster data moves. Often antialias details of this nature might be three pixels for normal reading texts.


In addition to the new visualization and event system, base OS features will support dynamic language creation. The use of compatible protocol data algorithms allows for cross-language support. The object system of the base of is very robust in design. The summary below encapsulates the necessary

areas for a complete OS package.



Vector font system advancing the visual appearance to a competitive nature
Universal object system applying reuse for all computing language
building dynamic computer languages, debuggers, and IDE from inheritance of grammar
the base audio system includes musical creation functionality and DSP chains
shape recognition from the camera as a user-defined HID (midi keyboards drawn on cardboard, or user interfaces using the visual shape recognition library. The physical desk becomes a workspace
image processing and display supporting integrated layout
scenegraph base OS library
motion video playback
synchronized multimedia presentation, video, 3d, sound and image using the timeline_t
low-level system database that may store data objects, programs, or software components. One database is not limited to specific types of data storage. Object footprints may be reduced for the context using server discovery.
use of one small implemented vector engine such as likened to canvas-ity
the system layer is functionally independent in code image and then user space to preserve security

Research Investment

Yet what do these capabilities provide for an investor?


1) As seen in the everyday user's point of view, one can expect that newer types of embedded devices are distinctly more cost-efficient and tailored for use. Ergonomically user devices may be selective in that the physical device, software desktop, and application designs are more intentional to abstract usages. By simplifying the visual layer, and accompanying OS facilities, new desktop designs may be realized much easier.

2) As a technology researcher and planner, skipping rope may allow the power of research to be applied correctly. A valuable server process chain that provides composite OS image production for specific machine architectures. The capability to eliminate the "middleman" in OS software production can be realized in types of WYSIWYG tools and components. Imagine a beefed up wix style interface with OS and component architecture. That is, allowing less technical design and deployment using a server build chain. Simply, the user paints the desktop design and behaviors, clicks options and the server software produces a bootable image. The image can be tailored for installation style, or more likely a binary footprint distributed at the product manufacturing level. The capability of integrity and uncompromised HASH signature for validity is walled, and checked with perhaps even weapon calibration of zero or one. And then perhaps sealed suites with separate atmospheric controls during manufacturing. Many people wish to compromise such a splendid organization.

3) Software that is typically more focused, smaller, and better designed is much easier to manage. Predict the characteristics of many future properties. The measurements of host processor speed can imply specific modeling for software distribution. In short, faster, smaller, and scales to platform requirements. The software is distributed to smaller less capable devices, tailored.

4) Inventive embedded devices that support commercial uses and publishing can be realized by team members with other types of very compelling skills. Gaming and interactive software are primarily related to younger generations. Gaming software may be processor and memory-intensive. The low-level design of the Nebula OS provides an inroad for producing visually compelling yet inexpensive gaming devices.

5) Market leverage and holistic scientific designs can alleviate audience complaints. Less smashing during complaints must be not tailored, but listened to and calmed like a partner. That is, the base API, usefulness, disregards legacy technology names, and implements a meaningful ordered name set. As research and development drive market availability, the system design streamlines language and IDE creation as a base facility. Software deployment to the user space utilizes a subset of the dependent objects that reduces footprint size.

6) Very competitive next-generation vector font system that integrates user style control over rendering. Rendering artifacts such as aesthetic add-on images, glyph set alteration, and font style control are distributed in separate object files. That is, not the TTF file. The font system can be tailored in design to be independent of the TTF system, to not require the download of vector shape drawing. The alternative rendering from font style is described in real-world terms, allowing the writer/designer to be specific. For example, Smart Televisions can be much more visually reactive, and styled.

7) The updated rendering component supplies a smaller and more compact design. Realizing the capabilities of browser page layout design in very few calls. The facilities are available to any computing language. The system is tailored to be independent of the web browser components as a system technology. Composed and written specifically for the low level interface of C++.


Detriments of using the Linux environment

1) At times, the facilities of device drivers are not as robust as those supplied by the manufacturer for Linux. For example, the NVIDIA driver has multiple editions, open source and proprietary. In this, a more dedicated manufacturing relationship is required to fulfill the product's stability. At times, tactically foreign manufacturers utilize "design flaws" to express otherworldly problems. This is typically rooted in audience awareness, Microsoft versus Linux scientific. The management of these assets is difficult.

2) The level of experience in design and coding requires recruiting specific resources.

3) An industry complaint, moving away from standards. That is, software written, while in many languages, will be applied to only the new standard of the Nebula OS. The object system, font vector rendering, and additional base features make software useless for all platforms. The system deployment can be designed such that base OS objects are supported by additional libraries on other platforms as an interface exists. Yet this is a known Mac software that does not compile and run on a Windows machine. The usefulness of standard code syntax is apparent. The whole industry adopts them as a starting position.

4) Linux kernel is open source and often over-designed. Yet as a code management facility, the kernel is a large project. Replacing it may be difficult.


In conclusion, the market value is the scope of implementation. The capability to establish functional designs, and increase the capability to produce applications, or software relies on the design and architecture intelligence of the implementation. Limiting the scope of the product to a very useful design reduces the development costs and risks. Creating a robust development tool environment is a primary stage. Subsequent derived technologies rely on coded behaviors of the desktop or system readout. Therefore the process of project management should presume to build software that allows known future feature sets.


Vector Font System
A problem in developing various fonts is knowledge of advanced conventions for various parts in the technical

range of a glyph. Here is a grab bag full of words from Wikipedia.


  Ligature

  Letter-spacing

  Kerning

  Majuscule

  Minuscule

  Small caps

  Initial

  x-height

  Baseline

  Median

  Cap height

  Ascender

  Descender

  Diacritics

  Counter

  Text Figures

  Subscript

  superscript

  Dingbat

  Glyph


  Much discussion on the meaning and impact of rendering measurements, control, and also legacy understanding of font placement is necessary. The measurements, layout, and text alignment justification with multiple texts flowing together have to be known for the complete field of the text layer to be rendered perhaps. For example, after and underneath effects, coloring, and flow may depend upon size variations encapsulated in layout computation. These measurements affect the clipping region of the display rendering. The bounds of numerical information concerns the pixel amounts of both the height and length of texts. While the placement of the text pixels within an area can determine where texts are wrapped. Some text layout mechanics adjust dynamically, such as justification, to fill widths completely, offering subtle spaces distributed within the wrapped text.


Text Shape Coordinate Locking

The combination layout of image and text often has additional requirements visually. To provide an abstraction graphic design technology that can alleviate some layout problems designers currently have is summarized by text shape coordinate locking. Encapsulating instructions or position information within the graphic image provides a versatile design. That is, images may instruct, hint, and utilize an array of dynamic concepts for allowing text attachments with gravity towards several choice locations. Most likely graphics such as corner publishments or in the center splats, should have an extra field or data within the file that names the overlay under parts textually. As well, overflow mechanics such as a type of scrolling vertical, horizontal, or necessary design pattern may be hinted.


Time functions may also be integrated and acceptable for some works such as animation functions. A series of numeric floating coordinate points in the digital image summarize word-locking positions. Several polygon paths and alignment options are provided. To name them as options, together with alignment properties provides ease of use. Integration of this technology within the modeling stage, and toolchain compositing for CGI, is a needed state. Often coloration and discoloration are parallel to the textual concepts as a stage.


Marking this in a graphic asset is much easier than describing it through tag settings because it is accomplished visually. In circumstances where this information does not exist, such as edge, or center axis information, image processing

and analysis can supply the information algorithmically.


Promotionally, images and also three-dimensional models may be propelled by the concepts of animation. The fluid methods of cinematography and information domain become adhesive to both computer-generated and artist-instructed presentations. Models that integrate overall concepts to meanings or summarize information are seen as strengthening this concept. It would be considered a type of object format, based upon a noun or adjective placement. For example, imagine a layout image named AstroText. The user of AstroText can apply several parameterized inputs to the formed object, to control multiple rendering characteristics of the text and image layout. The seen methods of input should be dynamic as if the object interface is queried. But controlled by a user, one must supply non programming methods.


Precise control may be found in the selection of the movements, exaggeration and embellishments integrated by the publisher. As such, object-oriented methods attaching the object to a noun and usable space provide a dynamic use of concept time for animation. Furthering the objective, even integrated audio may be provisioned as a "skinning" multimedia object. Musical artifacts and DSP chains, named as UI primitives of mood and style.


Dynamic Font Designer Controls

Working within user space, a trinket of standard font names exists. Yet naming beyond the few known from corporate network writing - courier, arial, roman, bookman, san sherif, gothic, and script provides an elusive list. The names and labels of fonts are defined by the designer. Reflective of the nomenclature of visual font adjectives, many names become obscured.


If we dissect the visual font identification problem from a harvested nature, simply the engine of vector storage supplies the rendering pipeline together with functions that can utilize 2d geometry, and work with algorithms that are scientific. That is the font files have shape vectors stored inside. With the very few routines already borrowed, it seems that a mountain of code is gone. Now it is time to add more.


Looking through the character rendering of various Latin fonts listed on the Google page, statistical information can be gathered by a program that analyzes the font files and extracts the glyph measurements. The program should organize them by name or natural worded index. An input of perhaps 1500 font vectors as a base for the statistical study of font names can supply a robust catalog. Aligning each glyph and storing it in a master database measurements that describe the rendering differences can be used to form a system. This is one form of a database that can be stored or used to organize a feature set for a glyph according to language.


Expanding on the methods currently in use by designers, most fonts seem to be categorized specifically by width, reading quality and artistic style. The font name, may or may not describe the visual characteristics of the font. Usually, the font name can be a domain name, related to old-world typesetting, or periods of time historically. So generally an interface designer

looking for a type of font, fishes around to find a fit, or has previous knowledge about how the name may relate to the visual objective. Often subtle differences are not noticed but require attention for publishing satisfaction.


Therefore providing a way for an interface designer to describe form alteration in sections particular to a letter provides a clearer and more precise control for visual designers. The letter forms different in sans or serif for Latin sets are decipherable. That is, a limited set of characters exist for English and many other world languages. A font system that can dynamically vary on the number of curls, squareness, Capital letters, or lower case letters is more satisfying for a designer's artistic intention. Additionally, some rendering implementations can provide more humanistic spacing, or drawing artifacts using a type of jitter. The signature can be explicit for each rendering instance a single character. The rendering algorithm change for a particular font to take into account a jitter movement. Natural variances in some texts can be fortified in also helping focus perhaps.


So dissecting the characters in language from a meta-perspective, one logic alteration area, and rendering pipeline change, includes labeling sub-paths (group of vectors) - the little ticks and curls. The provisions of knowing the segment paths where the tick forms on the capital W, a labeling system defines itself in addition to official terms perhaps. As a range of controlling the sub gymph vector path can be object-oriented. That is, expanding a range of characters that have parts of the implied name using one setting.


A system of dynamically creating fonts by name is a modern feature set in monochrome color. Yet fonts as a vector system, monochrome, offer the ability to reintroduce the font naming convention with more pleasing user desire by controlling the strength of twenty types of glyph settings at various strengths rather than knowing a name that fits the criteria. The ability to craft the size and utilize a format convention is inviting. Color and many other new features affect the name of the font.


To provide advanced font features will power the browser. The family of technology in use now is the true type system, an advanced working font system with every language. The dynamic backbone of the GUI industry. Yet often connecting the emotion, desire, personal or commercial desire of a font comes from a range board selection of font names, perhaps types of advanced pet names. Users know of the massive amount of fonts, perhaps they desire fewer fonts when the font browser appears. So dynamically designing a font with normalized parameters across the glymph range, characters that have a global contextual knowledge of the style settings across the board, numerically set once, form their curve path, deformation, expansion, and wire hashes, to mimic the style of font.


For each letter, a large definition will exist that drives the rendering of the character set. Offering that these settings together name a font, a branded level of font texture and effects thought of as a base for C++ app central usage. Ultimately the variance on types of settings, with a known amount of them as a byte signature, with a byte parameter. Makes font sizes very small, fifty bytes, plus the name. So rather than load vector data as font data, makes the engine very small. As well, the effects and mood of characters developed by artists can now be transferred to other languages through their engine.


The ability to utilize shapes and a type of library forming image compositing, communication and parameter-based text, or layout configuration from the objects creates polished visual designs. The idea of a balloon, or pop-up window are to

be energized with shape libraries that inherit the text layout engine, and new font capabilities.


A good design can allow wonderful results, empowering the value of screen resolution to display enhanced text fonts not ever before seen. For example, one type of design feature that works well for versatility is domain shift operators for the instruction set. These instructions do not control color but modification to the base form character. Example:


  engine 1 byte codes, a made up example to tie user space into dynamic font creation. most likely another under the cover according to shading. Pre layout, after layout.


formation - first byte signature domain

  sans
  serif
  Form of a letter with hooks and corners, also called perhaps a swash.
  curl - looping and also adding artifacts to selected parts.
  vine  vines forming at strengths with control parameters
  italic
  edge processing edge data seems natural. the ability to deform edges with types of patterns that are processed into multiple letters by strength. The multiple-point star, with mirrored sides, can alter the shape of the letter slightly.
perhaps in the positions selected such as lower left and top right of all applicable letters that are capitalized.


  enlarge


The enlarge command can form multiple meanings. the parameters and effects the outside of the drawing or the inside. Parts such as holes in th letter B, or using the select bytecode command select the bottom hole and the bottom curve.


The possibility that the enlarge command parameter, in conjunction with a context, such as if it is within a "part" selection or the inside whole of "g" and another part, the operation of the command "enlarge" can change. shrink


  square


Flattens by strength whole, or parts. Meaningful settings can also provide multiple uses for other parameters. Squaring mode


  skew

  wave


The wave function is powerful in that it creates miniscule patterns of wave or curve pattern data with tesselation variance control. Paper torn edges together with eroded


  swash

  select

The select can mean a group of particular letters, (vowels, constants may not be useful) effect only punctuation, or finance character. All upper case characters, or just the five characters that have curls below the descender line. Select is most likely the first, parameter that selects the entire list of English ones. Other selection modes could utilize top, bottom, left, or right sizes for example. Using select to identify a generalized area followed by a deformation, or strength setting.


  ending

The ending of all of the parts or joins. To control these areas aesthetically, size, and parameters. The capital T has about six areas that could be tailored.


  part

Every glyph has a natural selection known from the part or component. The point on the capital a, for example, or select all of the letter tops. All letters with points.


pixmap  domain 2

After render to luminance mixing values, some systems have specialized antialias noise film grain, which can vary per render of the character


bevel

  beveling artifacts for lighting around the surface of the text outline.


shading

The command affects the appearance of text with selective surface shaders. The rendering system provides the ability to place smooth bump stripes, Styling with, wavy, organic patterns, symmetrical yet partially instructed patterns, and emblem artifacts known to aid in quality. This occurs without downloading image data, the textures are generated.


There are fifteen, a bitstream after compacting. Perhaps the pixmap context change will contain image processing that adds luminance effects to the pixel. Film grain, noises, edge deterioration, inner brightness contrasts. pattern embossing, varying tiny decals inside the painting. controlling the bevel also.


When this system of byte codes are compressed down to a bit stream, new commands within the domain, occupy the same bit sequence as the previous. But the new context gives those positions newer meaning.


To capture the reading-sized text for screen and large HD screen print,

television prints, smart TV rendering and new rendering technologies as a vector system means that its font system is compiled for the video card, and the screen technology.


Consumer TV with glitter, greatness and readability in print, menu systems, and animated painting sprites can elevate the mood.


At times, the true type form does have a format that may be encapsulated, fonts would pop stack instructions for example, like fira mono. Or just provide a database file format using the database_t methods for interface discovery. Each character has many more properties that can be modified on an individual basis. Each character, as a routine, has this format. Not external to the operating system, but reutilized as a base font, for all displays. The letters A,a E,e I, i and consider F, f. How many ways to decorate and change the letter is a property of shape, first recognized as a nonbasic one, but one that decomposes and can be a specific type of control, or area for decoration. G and g. Notice the hang on lowercase g. y, j, q, p. All of the names about that hang and how it should curl, stretch, and behave like a funny animal tail are built into the word.


Other references to Consider

Computer Font
Vector Graphics
Transformation Matrix
Scan line
Scanline rendering
Raster scan
Vector slime
Freetype
Dynamic Computer Language Infrastructure
The base language object, all parsers derive from this functionality to have much less code within their source tree. For example, all parsers for every language can use the file input, memory input, token to AST node, Generalized AST nodes, such as function call, object call, import modules, text rendering, document building, file system access, time formatting, user interface, network operations, database entry, etc can use the same or functional base. The ability to functionally operate on calling objects and calling conventions using the ABI must be well-defined. Essentially the ABI is a mechanism for using registers and stack spill if necessary to parameterize modules, functions or object instances. Supporting template typed inlined algorithms for building block application requirements, vector, array, searching, sorting and memory management as an inlined resource. There are better and more efficient means to utilize the routine connections, no error checking at all can be faster. This is one reason null was placed into the world.


Algorithms that are tuned for the system are well-liked. Often the perfect mix is the ability to apply the mechanism is a scaled way. Often for simplicity, some algorithms are applied serially. Summarization, node finding, indexing,

data storage.


In this project, using the LLVM provides a host of code building tools, while considering some basic principles. As well, for multiple consolidated system tasks, some instructions are handled elsewhere by assembly or object code. The ever present cstdlib is integrated within the IR code building mechanism such that importing routines are simplified. Simply have to declare a needed routine as external and apply the library at linkage. Depending on the Linux POSIX base, full or tiny boot, the api provides methods where many system functions are handled. Yet selectivetly limited on the tiny boot kernel. Typically the tiny boot kernel is applied in systems such as grub that compress and boot in memory using the squash file system for example.


Languages such as C and C++ are loosely modeled on CPU instruction sets providing a great order to multiple facets of known CPU instructions. The names or operators are consolidated to machine code operators. STL, provides a higher level of low-level algorithms. Yet C, or C++ does not define many other aspects of output. A very basic system. Cython, the

original version of the Python language, offers other descriptive abilities. The languages of the modern day are not as organized as they can be. A few developed and are promoted but simply enhanced for a type of processing, yet leave out c and C++ base features as being too complex for language. Mutex, structures, pointers, and inheritance.


Many times the workings of algorithms and the styled language offer poor performance in runtime environments. Even as a programmer, people would not want to design things in a hardware, computer, or OS oriented way because of best practices and maintainable solutions. The environmental context in which applications run are built heavily around security concepts. One part of the security concept is ultimately placed in the execution flow are API and system hardware accessibility. Blocking misbehaving computer programs is essential. In this, strict calls and data type conversion protect the system from crashing.


In multithreaded algorithms many types of thread signaling against a list can increase searching work,  where some of the participants waiting for the signal are near the current search. By dispatching to neighbors this information, some types of search speeds can be increased. This can be handled by the base database_t format, using a memory database that is shared, or promoted to shared and reattached to systems as a thread-enabled container and object operators for cross-language, advanced designs fulfilling C++ to OS object and module loading. Providing dynamic late-time bindings.


Using advanced POSIX OS features where the standard library stops or simply builds upon allows closer to the metal input and output. The relationship of C to Linux is provided in its API as a native. Simply the C standard library reintroduces these through functions, adopted as a type of format. Most derivatives are named to the console and introduce more structured text string methods for formatting and data conversion. To be cross-platform, the standard template libraries are coded to select API calls per senses platform. At times lack of performance is introduced where native POSIX calls can be more effective. The implementation of buffering, for example, is applied at a new layer within the C++ system. The POSIX system applies this already, doubling the work effort occurring in most c and C++ programs.


Mutex and multithreaded programming with memory management, UI visualization, database storage, network communications and multimedia playback are considered a type of API stack. The term stack means a list of organized functional routines. Thread pool and interface abstraction can be instituted to apply parallel concepts. The promise thread organization of JavaScript organizes this for example in the browser. A generalized thread pool manager has a metric for balance, low and high. The OS number of threads is known to be available, simply the number of cores. The high number is limited before the signal waits. Each algorithm step needing work is added to the queue of the thread pool manager. It has an abstract interface and within the C++ class has a function filled with multitasking. Often types of objects perform certain types of work. One called PDF, Data, Report, etc. As parameters, the constructor adopts the object to utilize those resources. The resources must be locked while reading or writing to them. Mutex provides this functionality, while signal wait provides the fastness of immediately starting after an update. For example, the thread pool manager would continue looping and then wait until there is no work being requested in the queue. Advancements in system processes of thread pools can even tie two together before proceeding to the next.  Logic processing is described, modeled, and then generalized.


Languages can also use the AST and BISON facilities to make languages inside their syntax. There is another parser that is written in Java, named ANTLR4 which also produces parsers. As well as a BNF parser generator that is perfect for the job. A library is written in Boost, named Spirit, that allows the description and logic of the parser to be inside a C++  program. The mechanisms for describing the words, and matching offer similar operators when considering BISON. So for example, one may take a source grammer text format as a BISON style input, and generate a C++ program using the Boost Spirit library. The tool chain can compile it as an object. Developing the language as an automated generated target may offer that many problems can be solved, yet as well newly invented parts would be boilerplate to fill in. As a recognizable "process chain" of file template generation, the toolchain provides the fill-in C++ objects for implementation. Providing many advanced algorithms and consolidation where before such considerations are robustly described. Perhaps for some types of language definition, there would be a separate set of file or architecture types. Whereas a simpler inheritance-based language provides one set of generation options.  


The language generation toolchain for the system must be capable of routing source texts to multiple layers of parsers, data segment creation or structure generators.  Utilizing the clang base is a positive direction as C has a fully featured data structure encoding system. As well, Clang is provisioned with types of expansion capabilities that make it suited. Yet offering these deviates from the standard C++ in enhancing the platform languages can be argued as negative. As types of advancements, some are held captive as too long-lived and become old. To provide directions away yet remain within the C++ design is essential. Never before has the opportunity existed in previous technology as a product using LLVM. Simply advancing upon the Clang engine with minimal changes allows the reintroduction of existing known AST tree code that is functional. It is interesting to reutilize the same API calls to populate the AST tree from parsing other languages. Therefore the ability to integrate the Clang compiler with other parsers that yield is a very favored task of a developer machine. Argued that LLVM is a lower level form and relies on more advanced language processing.

 

Writing a BISON grammar for a language advancement, and using the AST builder, LLVM generated assembly tokenizer, with a single visit routine in the language implementation decreases complexity. To minimize source code input and provide filling out requirements typical of building user-defined types that operate with objects or API inside the language is the direction. The facilities, once installed are available as a temporary resource, or as a system language. Perhaps security is one concern and language dissemination. Installing it as a base language may be improper.


Often languages do not get developed because they are for a small pertinent purpose. Requiring specific focus in a field, such as described. Yet as necessary, the ability to automate the process from one form, provide language-building constructs to include, and establish linking to the visitation streamlines and enables invention. This consolidates functions under the hood while real-time language creation narrows the computer language field. Perhaps it is not a function used all of the time without planning. Often groups start development with specifics of advancements. Coverage of a general-purpose programming language can be tedious. The recursive node structure of the AST and LLVM context provides for a visitation format. The consideral arguments are language specification and also elemental types.


 Choice of variable constructs, object calling and inheritance routes often decide language creation. Defining inline algorithms specific to known data types such as hash algorithms, reducing structure traversal, and also cross language conversion with formatting are distinct focused designs. The provisions of solving a type of user-defined type and its capabilities for container, indexing, and also formatting as an inlined resource yet drawn from definition sources is exciting in performance gains. There are many reasons this has not been done in the past. This capability exists today primarily with the ease of LLVM.


 Languages often define a structure for memory protection or other relationships to guard against errors using syntax. Yet the proclamation is not necessary often in binary machine code. Simply the logic produced from the assembly does not contain the regarded operations as sought by the computer language. So the construct of the running program can operate without error checking of this sort. Global variables are the mainstay. The reduction in stack and heap space is often regarded by garbage collection technology. An effective logical path coverage through the program can be progressive by finding variables that are in line to be utilized many times, or having multiple states in the stack. Therefore, more robust analysis can project higher quality binary runtimes.


 A very important concept of performance settlement at this layer is data and display transformation, data formatting, and creation of linked document object model. Using the XSLT and XML methodology as a starting point, the formatting and display of data, interface objects, and events can be infused with the LLVM code. As known for editing, or display, formatting, with shape drawing, shading, and image processing, communicated to the pipeline, performance may be top notch. C++ templates do provide the unraveling of the object. Notable Element, and types of behavior associated with it. As a structure, class, creating it within the language as LLVM developed structure, could mean using several select methods.


The necessity of developing a lower-level interface for the display and rendering to be written in C++ using only structs, and readable known formats is also an encompassing design. The element structure must have node access using raw pointers. Most structures such as style and attribute, can also be inscribed. As a facility, the calls to specific types of rendering technology through native ABI and raw memory are compatible with BC coding. Therefore, integration of a system to build document trees and adopt it to multiple language implementations has to be fashioned. This consolidates the system design reducing code.


With the tri-compound of multiple types of algorithms working together, often knowing the bounds of search provides efficiency. For example, string searching using regular expression is a known method. It is sometimes tedious to develop large matching patterns. In this way, BISON is more advanced. The ability to develop a parsing engine that is efficient and

will link to inherited and described language features using the BISON format provides the efficiency of LLVM. The parser is made for memory buffers only. As well, there are many types of situations where other string parsing algorithms are faster.


The ability for operators and statements to be communicative through the inline algorithm production facilities provides a means to companion emittances of the operations. That is, it is object oriented and inlined for system wide capability. A production facility of this sort is also to deviate from the prescribed calling conventions internally such that protocol endeavors may be possible. The design should allow for during emittance, the operator for the algorithm, adjusted for parameter usage, and data type, to also include added types - dynamically genetic. For example, the number of calls for data and time formatting, as a numerical representation, can be verily reduced as an inline advanced data type. Distributed in all systems, even storage. As a base data type, the date/time numeric with a designed output format integrated, inline compiled using

recursion for set formats sets the standard.


Number formatting and advanced rounding storage types, integrated with the LLVM assembler can be applied also within the visualization layer. Formatting routines outputting beautiful readable sizes such a MB, KB, or TB  and DOM node compatibility for styled inherited display. These procedures never change in the display necessity. If one writes the code to change the compiled language context, then that genetic code path will contain the genetic type. Merely providing the facility provides the fastest build-up method for selection. Genetic template code is a nice construct for achieving good system designs at times.


The compiled programs will be attached to a document object model, already made where the epilogue and prolog code interact with the device or operating system. Simply the structure now is one box in an open format. If everything links down to the base_function_call stack, the API for applications is a direct memory structure that is read-only, one would want to design the base platform as such. Most of the provisions of the applications should be allotted for types of protected access. There is a handful of useful APIs, and many subsequent systems embark upon creating summarizations automation of these. In this, base systems have a root to be named well. It is good that history has known technology.


The database system precludes all storage formats of structure system-wide. No more text user settings, network settings, or text driver programs except language. The file system and database system are perhaps types that are generically transcribed to run within a checked context. Yet at this level, still using the opened file handles that are native to Linux can be functional. Yet opening and closing the file is associated with a restriction on application layers. For system use, perhaps it may be performed at a low level. Device driver implementations for better throughput.


A genetic template language for algorithm description that can be utilized with LLVM is necessary. Otherwise, the stack of calls to embed calls to other systems, in sequence for a process becomes tedious. Algorithm description and data types. The language will have a design to be utilized for genetic algorithms. It can be used in the formatting of string, numerics, floating points, time, date, and also C++ DOM all together in one format. An interesting concept is to utilize the C++ compiler without any STD includes but write the functions for multiple languages, and containers, operators, the base structure

as a better designed protocol oriented system of C++ templates. Use Clang to fill the tree, and develop a codebase that transfers language to C++, using their native internal functions.


Ultimately multiphase compiling and analyzation is a stray away from how computer scientists propel their magic with compilers. Compiling has to be fast. The ability to utilize more analysis, now almost unlimited, has also its value as binary code output can be faster. That is, from the analysis, more efficient executing programs with additional features.


Other references to Consider

LLVM
LLVM Compiler tools
GCC Jit
ASMJit
V8 Javascript
Generic programming
Versatile System Database
Databases of a local nature, reserving the right to have a pointer to records, a record or a field that is tracked perhaps is a key technology for system storage and retrieval. Node and pointer storage database with memory allocation on reload is possible with correctly coded C++ template classes. The database class can support index building, partial index building or other types of various formats when necessary. Record block saving is typical of such systems where buffered data is written in a chunk size. The chunk may contain several records. In relational database mechanisms, the network database driver instantiates an SQL, and tasDA data structure. The SQL parse processing can take place either in driver, or server while stored procedures offer a parameterized method of invocation.


An aspect of the system database that may be useful is the template's ability to transfer a local database_t format to a remote location apart from the template’s data mechanisms. Optionally the code may leave the file, keep cache or place a symbolic link. The integration with larger databases of different types (Oracle, Microsoft, or MariaDB) can be an enticing feature. A system service may also provide intelligent scheduled synchronization. Finally, a memory database is typical of a system database and the necessities of a cache algorithm. Simply placing a marker file, and uploading the original db file to a server program will allow format reading.


A person writing one would consider that the visitation of the node map of the trees, as a unit stored on disk and the edit commands, are also suitable for the network. Using a file and types of locking a certain size of file can be accommodated. Supporting advanced searches along with index data gathered from blob indexing (videos, images, texts, books)


The blocking mechanism provides for adjusting the components of a larger database when it is broken up. Simple records tell the segment starts and stops. Indexing files can use this and operate in a parallel fashion. Adding advanced node storage is versatile, however, providing for a stream and easy location system for syntax is also nice. Being able to store vectors of structures using the stream operators offers syntactical ease.


Template parampack parameters <...> can be used in conjunction with typeid to label data fields as an entity within the record schema. As a compiled unit, the same typeids should exist throughout the system. The storage of nodes, and variable nodes of children are distinct algorithmic storage mechanisms that can be traversed using the STL container format. Some problems to solve, but should be a fun project.


For a database link, it is an information part that can be easily updated. It also contains links to server addresses, and will develop the connectivity for legacy formats, or other file database formats. odbc, jdbc. The database link here is also used for access to image data that was gathered from news feeds for example. Video links. and provide a display format for the cached news XML feed. Google XML search cache results from a data mining bot app running locally. Typically the file

system has multi-user locking already built in.


The database format can also be used for desktop and user application storage. The format works better than many database competitors as it is localized and language integrated. The terms are the code implementation is much simpler than a database warehouse. The update process from version to version is relatively quick when a programmer changes the data storage format or types of data. Importing can be done once, or when needed. Most times done once is fine. Well-planned applications update not as often. The contact and email list. The listing of programs installed on the computer will use this database storage. as a system database, used by the operating system, perhaps networking will not be built into the library, the great dreams of SQL, and syncing left for the application-style database that inherits this model.


The database may be adopted for the object name database and internal system usage. Therefore making the usage, for structure storage, objects and also searching, function visitation can reduce code on usage and also specialize systems to invoke streams of this nature. That is as a remapping data target, from storage to memory, document object models can be saved in the format. Providing for a streaming service.


The desktop can use this facility for the memory of programs, desktop settings, visual rendering settings, known wifi signals, etc. So the temptation is to create a system that is coded larger and must be tapered. Perhaps minimizing the usage of templates provides the most effective storage means1 and the smallest binary code. Error-free when the database engine can perform single-user work. In memory. mutex can offer record locking for multiple processes.


An interesting aspect of the Linux system is that it keeps track of sparse data, and using this effect along with directory structure is interesting for databases. The utilities that exist such as tar, gzip, and directory compression algorithms can provide remarkable compression for data structures, and information systems in text files. zip and store as a token block along with an index. Proving through research of storage methodologies and kernel mechanics that a sparse random access data is faster.


Using the database system at the device driver layer for even a file system, can be effective for some types of base usage. Yet more likely a system that uses some of the techniques for data storage, and chaining. Using more storage space for dynamic file types of user and program ownership. As a node-inherited facility. Enabling better index storage, and compression by knowing the storage format, and having system codecs related to the blob. For example, specific database formats that encase knowledge may be large, and types of index searching are built for node traversals based upon a floating point. Or a series of other branched statistics. Perhaps initially designed as a file, yet programming intelligence for a specific operation such as local image OSR for users at their desks. Voice recognition for their user. These components produced for their system by server software can offer better performance.


The database system is versatile, yet as a template class, providing a delicate way for multiple types of data to be stored in a file. Later loaded and represented as the same memory structure. The ability to reutilize the functions, as a memory or partial memory system can be within the design. The ability to store directory information, and also access index information in one file format. The database_t object is a small yet functional part of the system. The system_database_t is a local file data object. Databases can also be representative of multiple formats of data such as images, text, scripts, movie frames,

3d models. While not stored in a streaming format can be applied to balance several field record types of images, etc. to a local database across the network.


The database can store the scene graph object. A file loaded to produce a snapshot of the 3d context. The video format.



Some uses of PC component technology as a node cluster for receiving data at speeds of the front side bus, acting as node storage device recording the ID and sample data. Quantum sensor plasma engine designs require more discovery. Many fiends of science have to rely on older methods of computer software development. Python is luckily running on large super

networks. Yet all depend on the console.


The ability for a high-end intel server to receive a max of 60 gigs of data, write it to a high-speed drive, or raid array. Perform node database cluster work as well. Analysis of data. The ability to functionally load a scientific data center operation with scaling storage and analysis. May not be suitable for some types of work.


Types of database mechanisms can be more self-discovery aware on disk and also apply a very beneficial use of object technology. More advanced than just data storage. Imagine the same database mechanism working cross-language, multi user for system tasks. Perhaps a database will be queried for items such as hardware.


The ability to have multiple databases, yet not relating them together would also be ineffective. For example, object systems of specific domains, such as text edit, and also calendar. Both controls so apply them to the control registry - or database_t

system file. Yet the process of adding multiple other types of objects becomes difficult to address as one name. Simply dividing the object types into various databases. Yet as a complete system being able to capture each database, in a type of search, or query for how it relates to system functionality. And combine the information into another location. Applying a link to this data.


A system where system preferences, object operations, desktop definitions, and user data are captured. The format is open, versatile, and can be updated and also transferred. It has to be transferred to a software base that will understand what the settings and structures mean. Often requesting that a parser be in place, does not solve software usage.


 When databases are created, a bitmap numeric locates the database to a specific system type. In systems, these types can be summarized and also analyzed. The database system also supplies bucket processing in its API design, to enable selection, while also providing a weighted means to choose the best quality fit for an object. This may be useful when two

 objects occupy the same namespace, yet the caller is expecting a specific object.


 One type is a user type, for allocation to the user domain. A system type can be registered for planning as a centralized data storage registry for groups of objects. Types of controls, or editing controls. Providing a hierarchy, and inheritance for objects.

 

 So as a central registry, all controls on the system can be inspected. Each is contained within their database. A central object registry is not needed for all databases perhaps. File and directory scanning can locate data.  


Other References to Consider

B Tree data structure storage
Berkley DB
Oracle Berkley DB tools
SQL Relational Databases
Hierarchical database model

Object System for Cross-Language and Platform Exposure
The object type for all system connections such as image files, image codecs, and audio codecs is versatile. As a base wrapper for databases, external .so files, program source code to the compiled, the object system exposes methods and API according to the design of the interior data. To accomplish this, many systems in the past have identified mechanisms to query an interface and perform initialization to that interface. A niche design can have object types with aliased pointers that hold context while an outer shell can be manipulated to expose specific types of workloads, parameters, or functions. For example, an object code such as the main visual image top-level reader, nodes inside the main binary code image provide linkages to codecs that read it. As such a haywire of codecs and formats exist. The object system provides a way to load as a database entity one type of codec, and its internal dependencies for a concise input and output format. Partially, fully, decoding the necessary code paths.


Other parts of the system have other designed interfaces. Such as statistics of the image. Merely a few bytes preceding the function pointer have state information. A new type of calling mechanism that retains encapsulation, and system security. The ability to ascertain the number of requests that multiple threads are requesting can be built into the interface logic of the objects. Using mutex pools. That is if the design requires such complexity. A mutex pool is a self-servicing parameterized algorithm that ties directly into data storage for the process of only one read/write access at a time. Newer hardware models are coming that will give different abilities. But for now, if this happens, a low-level computer program crashes.


So, if within a database, for example, there exists a large structure. Only sections of it need locking and also reporting of changes if the algorithms are set up for so. If a document object model inherits the database_t node, it can be used as a query service for objects. Also indexing, streaming, compression, and caching.


Some objects will not require this. The ability to use the format for saving and reading many file formats will depend on the facility. Two bytes are equal to an amount of unique numerical representation. If bit 1, indicates loaded and initialized, simply providing a decision bit compare and a jump on the instruction for the actual quickest call. Bit as 0 means work has to be performed. Indicating all other possible states of objects, such as the first step, loading. Another state would be a polymorphic change of interface, interfaces are changing from the python-like arrays to the C++ context. The interface provides operations

for C++ to utilize the types. Or changing from a COBOL structure. Fourth computer language was an adequate invention for system programming at a high level. Now Python, or some types of Python using select modules or importance are a better design. Perhaps at times, its numeric types are cascading too large for useful computing.


Yet there are more simplified libraries and modules to be made for the Python language. The interior communication couplings are thin. With a complete context of multiple languages in stack, and algorithm templates inline, a more dynamic language barrier can be found. Some languages, by design, can load modules written in themselves known as late binding, undiscovered. As a type of performance known, some types of language features and pure native compilations of template types do not produce a functional late bind. That is if all interfaces have been resolved to show. Parts of the system, if using a base type of algorithm implementation such as vector<>, would have the ability through container and system knowledge that new types can be added. As, the second byte, is a signature byte that maps a function with the prototype. Or structure over memory that implements a call site. The third tier of object inner composition gives light to the closure methods, that make use of a different type of instance memory, or save it on the stack. Unsure of how actual intel binary works. Yet a better implementation can be made than C++ implements with genetic templates. Most would consider these template types difficult to write, in comparison to knowledge, a long history of computing makes this simple to understand.


That is the old way, is still the new way for C++, just wrapped to standard library calls, and OS fixups where necessary. Yet knowledge that the system is designed for the Linux kernel, more can be leveraged to depend on the design.


For example, the template for multiple types, to include the comparison as compiled code into the object reduces codebase by applying a formal abstract collection design for use with base algorithms. One knows of numeric properties, various bit range properties, and even types of modular math. Typically most notable CPU instruction designs apply conversions between formats of various sizes. Yet internally for specific types of behavior to occur even wrapping the numeric to be meaningful after conversion is necessary. For example, many know of how “twos compliments” is used for both negative and positive integers with sign extension for signed types. As a feature of storage merely, the interpretation by the ALU aligns that operations are even separate for these data types. So spreading within the intel domain, 8, 16, 32, 64, 80, and with floating point even 128 and 256 bits are used. The machine code provides programming typically to the data type for instruction. Yet to actually convert a decimal format, or a bit size, sign to unsigned, there are specific methods and behaviors that C++ implements. As a find, such as a butterfly under the microscope, the intel instruction set also supports math in textual form, yet not typically used by any system.


So runtime template production with expression evaluation is also performed similarly within the LLVM namespace yet provides a higher level structure than direct hardware communication. Features of CPU instruction sets are even more complex aside from supporting a myriad of them. Yet at times, the provision is possible with types of protected code memory. In Linux this is applied as a series of system calls. Directly supplying the buffer to the LLVM, marking the memory as a process memory, and applying a functional interface to the chunk of memory has many problems to consider. Yet inately the v8 engine supplies a dedicated framework for the javascript language. Comparatively, the rework of similar types of system layer work may not be necessary, as outcomes of operating system code should be well planned.


Yet necessity of dynamic type loading is effective. The newest forms of the C++ research editions are leaning towards the modules arena. Yet at first glance, it seems apart from the header as a functional identity. Yet it seems that the interface layer is a separate language for runtime linkup. In reality, some direct C++ technology implementations lend to existing compiler design, OS process and format storage for modules. The coverage of the newer language features is not as well defined, so typically internal storage formats for template permutations, the genetic streamline.


The example below of a template for the node class. The template class language is a subset, providing only base operations, such as selective memory type storage. Stack, process,  or shared. Within the design, components

or memory may be selectively transferred and accessed by known demand. The selected components are designed to operate within a node, and parent node locking mutex. Designing the mechanisms to transfer each item, and manage it is important The main image codec may have five interfaces. The design of codecs is oriented at times such as interfaces may be streamed from the file. Often the file mechanism of the OS and possible streaming mechanism of inner file contents are obscured. Yet aligning workload, storage, and access possibilities is a focus.


Designing object systems may also incorporate security concepts such as running user access rights. Therefore the publishing of nodes and the information database associated with the properties is a descriptive form of objects. At times the transfer of the expansive object type can entail the documentation, descriptive, and even training methods of invocation in pertinent languages. Objects of this sort must have a multiple-faceted capability of storage, yet finalizing the ubiquitous unit of a storage device existing perhaps on network and local. The usefulness and also adequate versatility can be dreamt to have

a large impact on complicated design. Such as an iconic glitch of a face peering outwards in metallic liquid form. Yet in reality, the provisions of usefulness are entailed in the footprint necessary for the use context. Most of which is simply development versus live user application. So the object format perhaps has two, or more types of releases.


One problem with the standard library is that it is effectively backward compatible. There are many redesign implementations that can be issued with the base K&R c, and the addition of C++ expressive. Yet often the language growth in a modern popular form shows oversite in mutex, shared memory and process loading. That is, specific types must be functionally transferred. Logically, providing a newer standard that is not backward compatible gives great possibility for driving out older mistakes. Such as instructing more precisely where memory can be allocated for use. Or even providing

automatic transfer of data when necessary. So a thing to note is that the C++ compiler and the standard library are separate. That is one may simply apply a better base library. Effectively hiding the library internally for the OS layer if necessary,


Lets plan the usage of T, as an object for container support With these operators used as a specific use, multiple

algorithms


T is an object in terms of supporting all operators

+,-,*,/,~,. dot, [], (), >, <, <<, >>, size, key, typeid


data_storage

hash

ordered_hash


internally


Key is a new type of method that summarizes functional usage and also provides the ability to resolve multiple segmented searches using multiple threads, if there is enough data. By segmenting data of an index to be representative of a group distributed amongst the data, within a search. This can be represented as parts of the key state, to increase performance. That is, the input query provides multiple searches, and the segmentation hasher for the query identifies the block.

 The multiple search queries are found without mutex deadlock and less overhead.


The fastest method of access is a numerical index, 0 - n. The mechanism that distributes data, as the tree grows, may change the root node to balance searching for a completely sorted binary. Grouping the nodes with a left and right by the comparison operator. Nodes that are not set are a zero value. Typically node objects point to data structures as pointers, or offset indexes. Yet also, the necessity to store select sizes does reduce.


type tnode_t<T> {

    T       data;

    tnode_t<T> *right;

    tnode_t<T> *left;    

}

 

template tree_t<T> {

    T   *root;


    def insert<T n> { tree_insert(root, n);}

    def delete<T> { tree_delete(root,n);}


    def tree_insert(tnode_t *parent, T *n) {

        // first part of tree insert finds the position

        // is it the first node inserted?

        //Compare order keys with existing nodes. Less than

        // goes to the left, and greater than goes to the right.

        // if in either consideration nodes are not set, add node. return.

        // Ultimately there is a way to do these comparisons using recursion,

        // which is why the code below is more condensed.

        if(parent==0) {

            &parent=n;

            return;

        }

        if(*n > *parent)

            tree_insert(parent.right,n);

        tree_insert(parent.left,n);


        // few more lines to balance the root node, ? Algorithms

        // are typically listed this way on internet sites. Simply

        // transfering the code to the C++-like template syntax.

        // How to use C++ templates in other languages is simply

        // providing the necessary polymorphic adaptors.

       


    }

}


template vector<T> {

    push_back(T) {


    }



}


Using the structures from the base c11 standard library, abi, often is a direct implementation from the templates or a mixture. Sorting and other functions. Therefore, refining a codebase that has a type of C++ standard base to the POSIX operating system calls within a genetic object template for multiple language use can also be faster than the C++ library. The ability to internalize the functional codebase of the c standard libraries, as templates where specific numerical algorithms are used such as time, and date, provides that the math and basic structure be represented. Math is distributed within the code, apart from the routine method as c uses. The best method, as the c standard library wraps the Linux system API for time. Using the linux system api, can be faster for the OS parts of the few requirements for applications. Formatting and displaying the basic algorithms for the C++ standard are simple for the most part. For example, the following container methods, all provide iteration and storage. Geometric memory allocation for dynamic allocations smoothes some applications.


vector

list

map

queue

stack


The ability of two or multiple subscripts often eludes. Simple multiplication provides the amount. Often, if lists are not completely filled, but the output needs to be stored by irregular or sparsh index numerics. floating point is also a binary format. The distinct process of numerical hashing to create a searching list. A most suited solution is always a generalized hash or data larger than the cpu register, or even registers if appropriate. The unordered list is a search for the hash of the input against the token storage, those that are in the map. The ability to sort large numerics, and move them is efficient. Often these numerics provide a pointer type that also contains a comparison function. A sorting algorithm can be outstanding and complex if the scope is not limited. One of the primary functions of a sort, such as the quick sort, recursive quick sort, shell sort, or bubble sort if to order the elements by comparison. An efficient sort is a quick sort, which is tricky and you must look at again.


Yet it moves less data. In larger lists, other types of effective uses of multi-processing can speed up these types of sorting processes. Permutation sorting, as mentioned in Go Faster, applies also an interesting approach to grid data and indexing. Yet as a means of sorting the partition index divides a list into parts for sorting. Two threads two lists, etc. When the list is traversed the iterator could skip the number of blocks to the next list. Many more chunks can be sorted at the same time, or indexed. Typically indexing on databases is slow. These types of in-memory to database files is a type of recursive tree. As a dataset, indexing, and joining conditions with other tables can be transcribed and invoked in small amounts of code,


Data structures within the file must first indicate their group domain. Each binary tag, could have an extender, When FF in a byte is reached, the next two or three bytes are used, wasting one byte. Placing the first byte in the combination of the structure is key to longevity. A database format that is encoded with a byte prefix for header definitions, and then the reader can be functional. As a code unit, providing stream and memory allocations for node building, loading types of different models and data, to match the index files. Or files that contain many types of sub-components, and indexes as an individual file. a new data record and index blocks added to the end. For example, often when index data is created, it contains the orginal key. Thereby creating a duplicate of it. Pointing to the original data as an index often is not accomplished. As a data warehouse operation, the strategy is to develop a sense of durable longevity in data storage. Therefore, a record can also point to its data. data stored within a sorted list, typically in memory, partially. Files, or segment index files, can provide balanced index management on disk. Allowing records added, to be merged within a merge table. Multiples of these may exist. As a file operation block moving is time-consuming on any device. That is, to manually move an entire block down just to sort for index is not typical for large database structures.


Providing capabilities of index searching while the structure remains partially on disk is more effective. Indexing at this point is provided in a specific pattern for efficiency. An index header of provides the range an index block has within it. Based on the query, the block may be loaded, or another one traversed to. Ultimately how many blocks, or directly identifying the first few blocks quicker to skip can be a great time saver. Caching index headers in memory and then reading the block, that

points to the data is typical.


Often a type of time saver sought in data retrieval and editing is only utilizing the necessary bandwidth for data movement.

To and from disk. As a table that contains column and row information, each cell or tuple as an indirection to storage means that the row is only scanned for the offsets. A small code example would read separately each column within the row, and gather the data from the tuple storage area. The tuple storage area is actually data within the index that, if found will be in memory.


 indexes provides a summary


as well, one basic one performs well for most of them. list works well for the map, queue, and stack. Vector is a requirement of memory being in a contiguous chunk. map is the one where a hash key can be calculated for the key. Multiple types of hashes for the data often uses the base numeric hashes to form a union of the data. Data can be added together using the or operator and shift, or any type of math operator providing there is logic in the combination. Some hashes make careful planning to find the most effective way for the hash to be non colliding. As well, partial sorts using segmentation, or limiting the hash to a few of the primary letters in front of the string, are very quick methods for most data sets.


As a .so file, the system database file format and storage mechanism should be apt to store the C++ object, and the prototype to the language. The clang interface uses the OS method. By also placing publishing information and prototypes to the function interfaces, and providing memory attachments for the tunneling of stack, heap, shared, or data structure allocation calls. The data .so file can contain arbitrary files using an array of codecs or parsers. Dependency data must include links for these attributes. As a unit chunk, the .soo file can be very versatile as containing a book, or several books. A new language definition, and multiple types of parsers. The object system provides a linkup with the IDE, and documentation, syntax, linter, and markup parsers for pre and post-step compilation. A portion of the .so file could be a document object model, a CSS type rule style, and an instrument PCM with parameters.  A read-only database using the fast store, fast read method.


As a component, defining usually its dependencies as a table is established. The ability to concisely load other facets related to the object from other libraries' names, or hopefully utilize system memory linkages. In a protected application user system, way away from these components, this is a select resource with operations not to malfunction.


Requiring publisher status, or any rules made up for the software environment. if the user no longer links with the C++ standard library, yet the templates are for the modern platform. The base C++ compiler does support templates. When I

view the current implementations of STL, they are coded very lightly. As well, seem to have way too much code, for the likely functional implementations. As well, as many have had problems serializing them. The constructs of the string library,

from basic string, are routines. While regex does provide searching, more is always needed such as bison. Bison can solve both small and large. The LLVM development methodology of the lexer of parser can be much more functional.


As an object to work for multiple languages in a way that is useful, it has a step process that can be requested to be non-automatic as some languages must have, and also polymorphic. The problem of the state, context to next becomes useful as an abstraction of processing usage. For example, a date inline is converted to a string type. The string type should be associated with a date after string operations occur that affect the internal data. Various precious editing can be saved rather than parsing the date back into a large numeric value such as a "long long" or uint64_t. A language patch up for processor bandwidth, oversite in the original language. float, double. double has no basic interpretation as a fraction type. long double, using processor-specific FPU operations. Value comes in naming the bit size and relevance of the decimal point. Rational numbers and irrational numbers are not represented in the digital world appropriately and hence are always approximately. Libraries are built to mimic the types to provide output of computations.  


To resolve objects, or pointers to the multiple interfaces, and translation map between types with formatting for numeric, and also the floating point. Types that are advanced such as container formats may also be labeled with multiple traversal structures preceding the pointer. The pointer always remains the same yet the invocation changes. A one-step misdirection where parameters are not affected. One aspect, a byte code precedes the object pointer to note states of operation. Not connected, or connected for example.The byte preceding a bitcode, to check to see if loading needs to occur.


Object of these structures combined with the usage of LLVM parameter unions across the parameter stack, registers can provide input for merging object contexts. Objects that have threads running within in them, have data storage pointers to contexts of data. If data is numeric, mutex is enabled, and after placed into registers, the mutex can be unlocked as a call site. Pointers to structures are numeric integers according to the CPU.


Object, file loading and format traversal using dlsym, and process starting are functional. Yet the ability to expand on the format is necessary for bc code and library functions of an object nature. Many times an object is also accompanied by multiple objects. Communication of datatypes and C++ functions in process or out of process through shared memory may require work. As well as a functional LLVM component for algorithm use, this can be a process of higher usage because it is integrated with the language stack. Pipes, all of the nice Linux features dreamt up are not available on other kernels. pointers are random access to files, OS provided.


some aspects can increase, sound card. pathways to device drivers.



an important function is partially reading the file as a random access object. For example, how to load one codec at a time with a dependency graph. Provide language provisions for modules, of this sort, to compile and relocate the code.

Dynamically load other codecs and link with existing dependencies and load others and relocate them. Unloading components of the graph, decreasing and managing the share count. Reorganizing blocks on program data memory after

types of fragmentation exist.


The ability to utilize the functionality from some types of symbol line-ups, within the name, was reduced to using an obscure method called name mangling. A newer object format that removes this necessity is appropriate. Simply an index

to the protocol that is requested. A numerical index offset.


The current object definition can be coerced for much better usage as a storage mechanism, to allow code to be related through the computer or manually plotted dependency graph. Offering the ability to ultimately depreciate some code as

a version update. Or allowing the user to tidy up and never use the jpeg component again. Or rather, gif has finally been removed. A type of multiple related compiler binary images can be available. Archived, bc relocatable, platform relocatable.

It is a question to check if parameter signatures match protocol methods, as a dynamic runtime polymorphic requirement.


Otherwise, objects can be completely natively compiled.


 Anyway not having these items in memory allows a purely dynamic usage of memory and chip storage more effectively. The dating structures of some OS formats are lacking because the inventor depends upon a slower microprocessor and disk system. The organization of the .so object file could be extended, or use a new library method with indexing. Loading a partial list of objects that are found to be included with the object interface request.


Therefore requesting multiple object interfaces must establish a plan of file block reading, blocks include the multiple functions. Blocks are precise unit. The multiple read thread and scatter method on-chip storage NVME, and be a memory-mapped file. In process, linux reduces the call, perhaps sorted for the storage request. Large storage requires specific addressing.


As a manufacturing and device driver standard, the ways these interfaces are going to be used, is a function of addressability, to the storage device. The pipe, so to speak has been changed due to how the devices work internally. As if they decompose

from the inside and old memory is never reused or something. The mystic ability to misread documentation or read to closely comes at its pace. Yet in practice, as a storage customer. I would expect that better designs be within the storage technology addressing structure. To include the functions of next-generation memory, and DMA linear access to location.

Linux has a nice routine of fh, loc, data, and size. However, in the hardware world, the loc field is too small for large storage devices. Typically the description of the modes and accessing are built by legacy into the devices, unneeded. As well, as providing a structure for multiple data requests, and sizes, according to the addressing technique utilized, as a translation of a defined group of integers. Integer and number of them are defined by the design of the hardware storage. Whereby, each unit of block memory, is addressable with modern functional storage requirements. Each storage block has recursive processes for

shipping data or writing data. Distributing cache to each block.


The ability for throughput and bottleneck to memory is established by the SATA and bus arrangement. A more direct route to newer coprocessors, which are functional receptors of storage to memory as a channel separate from the one bus system, as PCs are. As a BUS addressing scheme, which is timed parallel data transfer from a device as a communication streaming protocol. Bus systems are dispatched also, where signals are multiplexed. So each memory request from a device, is sent on the bus. And then even into the CPU registers.


The perfect condition would be to use a bus per hardware object, but that is way too much wiring for memory as it stands. Typically, the devices have built-in memory to facilitate caching to speed up the busy bus slow down. You will notice that the bus and storage device run a select speeds that are different. NVME is much slower than DDR memory for example. So waiting for data occurs, and also a type of transfer to the device.


As a system database format, the database_t memory and file cache data, template, and type are indexed. Supporting multiple objects within the system. And being capable of translation to other database systems, as a balanced provider. That is synchronizations at miniscule intelligent block layer, for changed conditions. As well, lists within the database and structure can be block-layered according to directory entry.


Imagine if the software object is a production from a cloud network server data, and translated for the memory API linkage version available as provisioned by the network. Thereby centralizing software manufacture, discrete network connection, and handling of application publishing. The conditions of market offerings merely produce applause with all features working perfectly. Less code, and evaluation of POSIX kernel implementation. Typically a host of offerings in the API, the main facets

of only nailed in disk systems using onboard laptop controllers, and less abstraction in redirection between types of caching. Most often knowledge built into drivers is very helpful and specific. Yet at times object oriented interfaces, with a protocol method can increase driver context abilities. Compiling a specific type of interface that is channeled for a select group of functions. As well as multiprocessor drivers to increase memory throughput to slower devices through onboard caching.


For example, a video driver for a laptop will contain one routine that applies setting it to the max resolution, creating the linkages between scan pixel memory, and publishing the format. A routine for the onboard 3d graphics unit, is identified,

and a database of object code abstracts the usage to the OS provider, and also. The aspect of driver design that it is very cumbersome is allowing a dynamic model for interface provisions. The device driver should provide a registration of its hardware identification. Later internally assemble the codepathway for requested interfaces. Having an object interface

of the binary nature has its set number of permutations. As a device driver provider, interfaces can be known to be locked or unlocked. As well devices have states that are read in various ways. The system provides fail-safes for calling some devices too often, timers. time, etc. As driver knowledge to produce better interfaces, specific to the device, the system layer

must be harnessed to provide specific object compiler options for C, and C++ for a select type device. For example, imagine onboard the device is simply the description of its interface structure. The format placed ready only object at assembly. For video hardware, this is very appropriate. This is an imprint of the object design and buffer formats with a symbolic id attached, for each permutation of one. The MOV instruction is polymorphic in this way. Making device identification discovery, is typically how this is accomplished now, and hence the drivers have the be static. Typically devices may as co-processors accept types of instructions and lists of data.


A device driver compiler, or providing the encoder ASM fixup for a system clang, or g++, etc. If a device accepts cache data, often there are varied formats. The production to an object format, to the object layer, enables more complex hardware

systems to be manufactured. Typically this is provided through the format of state calls, and perhaps set literal values that are shifted and ored together for each function call thereby compacting the options and parameters. Buffer IO from user memory is often overlapped with too many protected mutex object software layers to the device. If the system provides the list and vector management as an intrinsic operation, user programs can operate at the user software layer through shared memory. The communication protocol is much more effective while allowing actual device usage to be integrated within the capabilities of the driver interface.


Another example is applying a database file format to an internal storage device, as usage by a database engine, the entire volume at the driver layer. In reality, if the database object is also applied, a better file system approach can be applied

per device. The ability to have decomposed locations, and random access tailored for NVME, with a system internally adapting to product design. Using chaining more efficiently. The value of header token formats can be applied dynamically and selectively associating indexes and code associativity. that provides the file format. Files that have selective and dynamic properties, and attributes. Yet the existing working codebase does seem enticing, using the POSIX read, write, and scatter write methods. Later, if used the system stack for the device layer can be evaluated.

 

As a general-purpose object, the mechanisms of inheritance provide the layers necessary to define abstract interfaces. Ultimately, objects are simply an automated additional pointer that has a context. VTable monitoring has been established in legacy types of only structure approached to generic C programming. The Danish C++ version includes this and conceptual layers of utilizing the existing compiler low-level approach. The recognition that problems are bulbs of focus, one could have called the mechanism Bulb for example. Therefore the term object as a noun provides classification.


Classification, or the netted dictionary for a cornerstone idea, is often drafted for complex systems, to achieve an organized balance. The tendency to name objects, create components, and even have to redesign because of the concurrent development and design process are primary targets. People love what the benefits are from having the knowledge of creating them, with a passion code that is tethered to feel pride and feelings of prolonged quality of life. The parties that can

happen because of dedicated success. I think that Rust is misleading when C++, has its serious advantages. If design were to mechanize the C++ base to change, for an application design a similar yet restricted access. Yet the unraveling of Scientists that hammered the browser to get a platform.


SGML, hyperlinks and images. A captive of technology is its far-reaching plans. Often organization controls provide reclusion seeing no obvious need to defer from metaphoric change. Yet the enticement as a more balanced and design-coherent technologist can outdated even W3C. Financial currency is as well-liked as a national resource. The necessity of nationally based FDIC communication to the client device must be much more private. This does entail a more dedicated type of stream

and better defined. Thank you, W3C for defining all the tasks that are required for taming those misbehaving computer programmers. Javascript is ok. Multiscript. Game boxes, audio devices. V8 engine is maintained. The design of Rust has a complex name and fun Pascal style as a type of design insult. Go is more likely a business projection model. The term Rust "mut" offers a connection with dog terminology, while the language offers no other enticing primes. Cargo, like baggage from previous experiences, identifies with security concepts. The breeding of such languages provides security for some types of technology professionals. Many other identities are aloft as a mainstay in the corporate arena. The yield to more mature coding practices is evident to placate international science.


Luckily the latest efforts of C++ 20 are to employ the use of module maps instead of header files. This will bring a

number of software component reuse problems, that may have been disguised, to be easier to functionally use. Yet with the option of a better object format, the ability to produce an interface from the data should be compatible with any language. The base format is the C++ language. Do modules rely solely on all current implementations, world round? Yes, a very easy an better method.


Modules and the namespace, are the exact provisions that accompany the type of system necessary to be useful in C++. Such that the header file includes an API namespace mechanism. The usefulness of applying an interface that is dynamic

is ultimately processed by allowing the client to describe what functions are needed. The missing terms are named mutable yet also perhaps required as in defaulted intelligently. As language constructs, APIs should be suited to be universal in parameter types if functionally sound. Parameter order, and type used to be more confusing without modern IDE designs. Yet the turnaround is still designing the system to avoid compile type errors by implementing genetic C++ templates. Most often permutations on type or object types are necessary to advance usage.


Often software content management and publishing are very dedicated multiplex systems. In modern times a database and webserver are running on just one computer as a web publishing business portal. The ability to consolidate what the broadcast is often relies on the generation of content. Servers optimize many industry languages suited for clustered networking.


The true nature of scalability and clustered computing in data storage has been realized with primary storage techniques for web-consumed data. The functional property is that it is written to flat files while notifications to external systems are the processes of big data processing. The realization of only a developer-centric view of the user's use of the computer network

of a pc to the web server, using TCP/IP.


A per-client encryption genetic cipher is important. Entry of information, with a local cache, reflection as a block through the interface. The object system provides the alliance of as the tuple attribute specifies. A network service may provide that usages of field data be chunked and loaded as a resource that is identified as secure within a tolerance. A network cluster system can also schedule information coverage if this increases the strength.


What is known about network intrusion, is compromised by the list of types of hackers. Within the list, it seems that colors are used. Yet identity, motives, and rough interferences which may be held secret by the individual, are often found at the advice of nuance at a distance with quick interruption unknown by masterminds.


Other references to consider

Component Object Model

Layout and Graphic Primitives
Low Level Data Structure
/*

@brief The base class for all display nodes. The

class ensures that all display objects have an emit function.

The emit function is used during render and after layout calculation.


The canvas object, as a wonderful, includes a base to start from, forms

the block of how the object will be used. As a transfer to the 3d pipeline

using the OpenGL Linux formats, a select type of canvas to work within

that is not completely 3d as addressing as a screen display technology,

some aspects of the generations can allow all applications to run in open gl mode

or not.

*/

struct display_node_t {

  virtual void emit(canvas_t *c) = 0;

};


typedef std::vector<display_node_t> display_list_t;



/*

@brief The structure provides a move operator that can be relative or

absolute within the coordinate space.

*/

struct coordinate_t : display_node_t {

  float x = {};

  float y = {};

  bool bRelative = false;

  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->move_to(x, y); };

};


/*

@brief Draw a rectangle with the give bounds.

*/

struct rectangle_t : display_node_t {


  float x = {};

  float y = {};

  float w = {};

  float h = {};


  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->rectangle(x, y, w, h); };

};


/*

@brief Arc

*/

struct arc_t : display_node_t {

  float xc = {};

  float yc = {};

  float radius = {};

  float angle1 = {};

  float angle2 = {};

  bool brev = false;


  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->arc(xc, yc, radius, angle1, angle2, brev); };

};


/*

@brief closes the current path

*/

struct hit_test_begin_t : display_node_t {

  uint32_t id;

  void emit(canvas_t *c){};

};


struct hit_test_end_t : display_node_t {

  void emit(canvas_t *c){};

};


struct close_path_t : display_node_t {

  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->close_path(); };

};


/*

@brief draws a bezier curve

*/

struct curve_t : display_node_t {

  float x1 = {};

  float y1 = {};

  float x2 = {};

  float y2 = {};

  float x3 = {};

  float y3 = {};

  void emit(canvas_t *c)  {

    c->bezier_curve_to(x1, y1, x2, y2, x3, y3);

  };

};


/*

@brief changes the color brush object, the object is used for

the color of path lines and stroke color.

*/

struct color_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief The main paint object. The object is versatile in its descriptive nature

allowing developers to utilize multiple input sources and create complex text

gradients. Using images and also patterns that are clamped and repeated.

*/

struct paint_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief Operator to locate the next drawing operation.

*/

struct move_to_t : display_node_t {

  float x = {};

  float y = {};

  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->move_to(x, y); };

};


/*

@brief operator to draw a line

*/

struct line_t : display_node_t {

  float x = {};

  float y = {};

  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->line_to(x, y); };

};


/*

@brief operator to fill in the current path. The

*/

struct fill_path_t : display_node_t {

  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->fill(); };

};


/*

@brief traces the vector lines with the with and line drawing parameters.

*/

struct stroke_path_t : display_node_t {

  void emit(canvas_t *c) { c->stroke(); };

};


/*

@brief object to mix an image. T

*/

struct image_block_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief alignment of text within the clipping box

*/

struct text_alignment_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief options for showing "..." when text is too long.

*/

struct text_ellipsize_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief color of text face. Can use gradients and images. Uses the paint_t

object for face color.

*/

struct text_color_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief describe the font face to use.

*/

struct text_font_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief indentation for first line of text in a string.

*/

struct text_indent_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief spaceing inbetween lines of text.

*/

struct text_line_space_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief turns outline glyph rendering off and uses cached bitmaps

for drawing characters, faster text drawing. Meaning the characters

are not individually filled in using the vector paint.

*/

struct text_normal_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief turns on outline rendering. Enables the use of advanced coloring of text

using paint_t and vector line drawing operations. Setting the join and also

miter limits effect the text rendering.

*/

struct text_outline_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief sets the tab stops for advancing when a tab character is

encountered within the text data.

*/

struct text_tab_stops_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief the data to display. The system only accepts character data at this

layer. Any numerical or formatting should already be applied.

*/

struct text_data_t : display_node_t {};


/*

@brief The ability to organically shape and color information is often underutilized in desktop publishing and also forms. The old black line box, ovals

that are perfect. The shape function generalizes its use for the control library

interface, and splash windows, and also provides clipped-fill texturing. The

color_t and paint_t. Expanding the shape to size around a group of words.


finally, the shape object provides a method to format text within the path, or on

top of a swipe separator using the text_baseline vector.

One use is Title underscore lines that are creately made and configurable as a safe

plugin.

*/

struct shape_t : display_node_t {

  typedef std::variant<coordinate_t, arc_t, close_path_t, curve_t, move_to_t,

                       line_t, fill_path_t, stroke_path_t, color_t, paint_t,

                       text_alignment_t, text_ellipsize_t, text_color_t,

                       text_font_t, text_indent_t, text_line_space_t,

                       text_normal_t, text_outline_t, text_tab_stops_t,

                       text_data_t>

      draw_t;

  std::vector<draw_t> shape;

  std::vector<draw_t> interior;

  std::vector<draw_t> bounds;

  std::vector<draw_t> text_bounds;


  // several other nifty layouts exist that may be useful.

  // limiting the number of lines. resize and display

  // message in four lines for example.

  void resize(float _w, float _h);


  /*

  @brief for direct user interface operation.


  These three routines test for inclusion within the fill area.

  Specifics about these regions can be perhaps saved within the scan fill

  relating it to an area, path. There may be multiple paths, Or in the

  stroke routine, accumulating segments to reduce the overall shape to trangle

  points that approximate line curves with a tolerance. Or perhaps another

  method exists.


  test shape - returns true if any filled portion is included.

     interior - an interior-only method. Text is positioned here

        as a parameter. The interior vector list contains the polygon

        shape of the computed insert location.

  test_bounds - returns true if the point is within a polygon

  */

  bool test_shape(float x, float y);

  bool test_interior(float x, float y);

  bool test_bounds(float x, float y);


  /*

  Examples of formats


    cpp header format is a format that provides inclusion of the

    shape within a program's binary. A const static unsign char array

    filled by the image provided in encoded hexadecimal, the information

    is a bit packed and compressed. The segments should be rather small

    but can also include raster image data.


    providing for externalization of image data from the data data

    can be more functional. The image data is not out data by resolution.

    Part of the parameters may be the passing of image data for the

    shape control to use. The image data could also support directory-based.


  Inside the IDE the formats can be interchanged between visual editing and,

  code tags for the shape. The format is distinct from the SVG vector, it

  is still unusual that a text painter can out performed a hand stylus tool.

  Or crafted editing. Therefore the use of the form as a byte-oriented one

  provides consolidation. specific options within the tool provide for

  programming events, providing interfaces to the shape as a function.

  */

  enum format { cpp_header, binary };


  void import_shape(format _form, unsigned char *buffer, unsigned int size){


  };

  void export_shape(format _form, unsigned char **buffer, unsigned int size){


  };


  void emit(canvas_t *c) {

  };


  canvas_t render;

};



Document Object Model

The header file is included with the book named C++ UX GUI DOM. As provisioned with a working visualization component, the w3c method provides an inescapable method of standard naming conventions and documentation practices. Here is a sample of a definition for one.


/**

\author Anthony Matarazzo

\file viewManager.hpp

\date 11/19/19

\version 1.0

\brief Header file that implements the document object model interface.

The attributes, Element base class, and document entities are defined within

the file. The enumeration values for object options as well as the event class

are defined here. Within this file, several preprocessor macros exist that

simplify and document the code base. Based on the environment of the compiler,

several platform-specific header files are included. However, all of the

platform OS code is only coded within the platform object. The system exists

within the viewManager namespace.

*/

#pragma once


/**

\addtogroup Library Build Options

\brief Library Options

\details These options provide the selection to configure selection

options when compiling the source.

@{

*/


#define DEFAULT_TEXTFACE "arial"

#define DEFAULT_TEXTSIZE 12

#define DEFAULT_TEXTCOLOR 0


/**

\def USE_INLINE_RENDERER

\brief The system will be configured to use an inline version of the rendered

*/

#define USE_INLINE_RENDERER


/**

\def USE_GREYSCALE_ANTIALIAS

\brief Use the freetype greyscale rendering. The Option is only for use with the

inline render. Use this option or the USE_LCD_FILTER. One one should be defined.

*/

#define USE_GREYSCALE_ANTIALIAS


/**

\def USE_LCD_FILTER

\brief The system must be configured to use the inline renderer. This uses the

lcd filtering mode of the freetype glyph library. The option is exclusive

against the USE_GREYSCALE_ANTIALIAS option. One one should be defined.

*/

//#define USE_LCD_FILTER


/**

\def USE_CHROMIUM_EMBEDDED_FRAMEWORK

\brief The system will be configured to use the CEF system.

*/

//#define USE_CHROMIUM_EMBEDDED_FRAMEWORK


/**

\def INCLUDE_UX

\brief The system will be configured to include the base set of user interface

controls.

*/

#define INCLUDE_UX


/** @} */


#include <algorithm>

#include <any>

#include <array>

#include <cstdint>


#if defined(_WIN64)

typedef unsigned char u_int8_t;

#endif


#include <cctype>

#include <climits>

#include <cmath>

#include <cstdarg>

#include <cstdio>

#include <cstdlib>

#include <cstring>

#include <fstream>

#include <functional>

#include <future>

#include <iomanip>

#include <iostream>

#include <iterator>

#include <map>

#include <memory>

#include <optional>

#include <regex>

#include <sstream>

#include <stdexcept>

#include <string>

#include <string_view>

#include <tuple>

#include <type_traits>

#include <typeindex>

#include <typeinfo>

#include <unordered_map>

#include <utility>

#include <variant>

#include <vector>


/*************************************

OS SPECIFIC HEADERS

*************************************/


#if defined(__linux__)

#include <sys/ipc.h>

#include <sys/shm.h>


#include <X11/Xlib-xcb.h>

#include <X11/Xutil.h>

#include <X11/keysym.h>

#include <X11/keysymdef.h>

#include <fontconfig/fontconfig.h>

#include <xcb/shm.h>

#include <xcb/xcb_image.h>

#include <xcb/xcb_keysyms.h>


#elif defined(_WIN64)

// Windows Header Files:

#define WIN32_LEAN_AND_MEAN


#include <windows.h>


#include <d2d1.h>

#include <d2d1helper.h>

#include <dwrite.h>

#include <wincodec.h>


// auto linking of direct x

#pragma comment(lib, "d2d1.lib")


#ifndef HINST_THISCOMPONENT

EXTERN_C IMAGE_DOS_HEADER __ImageBase;

#define HINST_THISCOMPONENT ((HINSTANCE)&__ImageBase)

#endif


#endif


#ifdef USE_INLINE_RENDERER

#include "ft2build.h"

#include FT_FREETYPE_H

#include FT_CACHE_H

#include FT_SIZES_H

#endif


/**

\namespace viewManager


\brief The viewManager namespace is the top level name where all of the

API exists.


*/

namespace viewManager {

// forward declaration

class Element;

class StyleClass;

class event;


/// \typedef ElementQuery typedef is used to specify the parameter to the

/// query function when a lambda is provided.

typedef std::function<bool(const Element &)> ElementQuery;


/// \typedef ElementList is used to provide vector based parameters to the

/// base API The caller should create their vectors using this typedef. The

/// return values from all of the API work correctly in that the push_back

/// method is used to add to the list.

typedef std::vector<std::reference_wrapper<Element>> ElementList;


/**

  \brief the dataTransformMap provides a translation between a storage type

and the transform function used to generate elements for the underlying data.


  \tparam std::size_t I - a numeric literal

  \tparam T - the element type

*/

template <std::size_t I, typename T>

using dataTransformMap =

    std::unordered_map<const typename std::tuple_element<I, T>::type &,

                       std::function<Element &(T &)>>;

/**

\internal

\brief Contains all elements allocated using the system api. They are

contained here as smart pointers and are automatically memory managed.

*/

extern std::unordered_map<std::size_t, std::unique_ptr<Element>> elements;

typedef std::unordered_map<std::size_t, std::unique_ptr<Element>>::iterator

    elementsIterator;


/**

\internal

\brief Contains a map of indexed elements by the name. The indexBy attributes

specifies the string to use when placing items into the map. The name is case

sensitive.

*/

extern std::unordered_map<std::string, std::reference_wrapper<Element>>

    indexedElements;


/**

\internal

\brief Contains all elements allocated using the system api. They are

contained here as smart pointers and are automatically memory managed.

*/

extern std::vector<std::unique_ptr<StyleClass>> styles;


/**

\enum eventType

\brief the eventType enumeration contains a sequenced value for all of the

events that can be dispatched by the system.

*/

enum class eventType : uint8_t {

  paint,

  focus,

  blur,

  resize,

  keydown,

  keyup,

  keypress,

  mouseenter,

  mousemove,

  mousedown,

  mouseup,

  click,

  dblclick,

  contextmenu,

  wheel,

  mouseleave

};


/// \typedef eventHandler is used to note and declare a lambda function for

/// the specified event.

typedef std::function<void(const event &et)> eventHandler;


/**

\class event


\brief the event class provides the communication between the event system and

the caller. There is one event class for all of the distinct events. Simply

different constructors are selected based upon the necessity of information

given within the parameters.

*/

using event = class event {

public:

  event(const eventType &et) {

    evtType = et;

    bVirtualKey = false;

  }

  event(const eventType &et, const char &k) {

    evtType = et;

    key = k;

    bVirtualKey = false;

  }

  event(const eventType &et, const unsigned int &vk) {

    evtType = et;

    virtualKey = vk;

    bVirtualKey = true;

  }


  event(const eventType &et, const short &mx, const short &my,

        const short &mb_dis) {

    evtType = et;

    mousex = mx;

    mousey = my;

    if (et == eventType::wheel)

      wheelDistance = mb_dis;

    else

      mouseButton = static_cast<char>(mb_dis);

    bVirtualKey = false;

  }

  event(const eventType &et, const short &w, const short &h) {

    evtType = et;

    width = w;

    height = h;

    bVirtualKey = false;

  }

  event(const eventType &et, const short &distance) {

    evtType = et;

    wheelDistance = distance;

    bVirtualKey = false;

  }

  ~event(){};


public:

  eventType evtType;

  bool bVirtualKey;

  char key;

  unsigned int virtualKey;

  std::wstring unicodeKeys;

  short mousex;

  short mousey;

  char mouseButton;

  short width;

  short height;

  short wheelDistance;

};


/**

\enum numericFormat

\brief numericFormat provides a mode measurement for each of the numeric

parameters given. Each of the numeric attributes within the system use the

doubleNF class which has this stored in it as well as the numerical value.

*/

using numericFormat = enum option { px, pt, em, percent, autoCalculate };


/**

\enum colorFormat

\brief provides the color mode interpret option. Options can be based on

numerical values for rgb, hsl or a string value.

*/

using colorFormat = enum colorFormat { rgb, hsl, name };


/**

\class doubleNF

\brief The class used to hold numeric values along with a mode.


The class provides an easy to use data entry mechanism for numerical values.

Attributes that are numerically based use this as a base class.

*/

class doubleNF {

public:

  double value;

  numericFormat option;

  doubleNF(const doubleNF &_val) : value(_val.value), option(_val.option) {}

  doubleNF(const double &_val, const numericFormat &_nf)

      : value(_val), option(_nf) {}

  doubleNF(const std::string &_str);

  double toPx(void);

  double toPt(void);

};


/**

\internal

\typedef colorMap

\brief the colorMap typedef provides the type for translating a textual name

to a numerical color

*/

typedef std::unordered_map<std::string, unsigned long> colorMap;


/**

\class colorNF

\brief the colorNF class provides a color manipulation base class for

data of this nature. There are several constructor methods which can be used to

declare a color. Such as numerical value, string, a 24bit ulcolor.


*/

class colorNF {

public:

  std::array<double, 4> value;

  colorFormat option;

  static const colorMap colorFactory;

  static colorMap::const_iterator colorIndex(const std::string &_colorName);

  colorNF(const colorFormat &_opt, const std::array<double, 4> &_val)

      : option(_opt), value(_val) {}

  colorNF(const unsigned long &ulColor);

  colorNF(const std::string &_colorName);

  colorNF(colorMap::const_iterator);

  colorNF(const colorNF &_colorObj)

      : option(_colorObj.option), value(_colorObj.value) {}


  void lighter(const double &step = 0.1);

  void darker(const double &step = 0.1);

  void monochromatic(const double &step = 0.1);

  void triad(void);            /*hsl rotate 120*/

  void neutralCooler(void);    /* hsl rotate -30 */

  void neutralWarmer(void);    /* hsl rotate 30 */

  void complementary(void);    /* hsl rotate 180*/

  void splitComplements(void); /*hsl rotate 150 */

};


uint8_t strToEnum(const std::string_view &sListName,

                  const std::unordered_map<std::string, uint8_t> &optionMap,

                  const std::string &sOption);


std::tuple<double, uint8_t>

strToNumericAndEnum(const std::string_view &sListName,

                    const std::unordered_map<std::string, uint8_t> &optionMap,

                    const std::string &_sOption);


std::tuple<doubleNF, doubleNF, doubleNF, doubleNF>

parseQuadCoordinates(const std::string _sOptions);


/**

\internal

\def _NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE

\brief INTERNEL MACROS to reduce code needed for these attribute storage

implementations. These macros develop the storage class or

inheritance to implement a complex attribute. Within the system, the

"using" provides an alias to name a specific type. Therefore, all classes

declared using these macros will establish their storage space securely at

its position within the attribute storage container. When a getAttribute

with a specific attribute is requested, the reference to this class is

returned. Therefore, values and such can be read or edited using only the

memory. getAttribute is templated so that the most modified values attain

their own specific function. Therefore, newer or specific interfaces can be

developed.

*/

#define _NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE(NAME)                                               \

  using NAME = class NAME {                                                    \

  public:                                                                      \

    double value;                                                              \

    NAME(const double &_val) : value(_val) {}                                  \

    NAME(const NAME &_val) : value(_val.value) {}                              \

    NAME(const std::string &_str) { value = std::stod(_str, NULL); }           \

  }

/**

\internal

\def _STRING_ATTRIBUTE

\param NAME

\brief declares a string attribute

*/

#define _STRING_ATTRIBUTE(NAME)                                                \

  using NAME = class NAME {                                                    \

  public:                                                                      \

    std::string value;                                                         \

    NAME(const std::string &_val) : value(_val) {}                             \

    NAME(const NAME &_val) : value(_val.value) {}                              \

  }


/**

\internal

\def _NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE

\param NAME

\brief declares a numeric with a format specifier attribute

*/

#define _NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(NAME)                                   \

  using NAME = class NAME : public doubleNF {                                  \

  public:                                                                      \

    NAME(const double &_val, const numericFormat &_nf)                         \

        : doubleNF(_val, _nf) {}                                               \

    NAME(const doubleNF &_val) : doubleNF(_val) {}                             \

    NAME(const NAME &_val) : doubleNF(_val) {}                                 \

    NAME(const std::string &_str) : doubleNF(_str) {}                          \

  }


/**

\internal

\def _ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE

\param NAME The official name of the attribute class

\param ... a define preprocessor param pack.

\brief declares an enumerated attribute

*/

#define _ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(NAME, ...)                                       \

  using NAME = class NAME {                                                    \

  public:                                                                      \

    enum optionEnum : uint8_t { __VA_ARGS__ };                                 \

    optionEnum value;                                                          \

                                                                               \

  public:                                                                      \

    NAME(const optionEnum &val) : value(val) {}                                \

    NAME(const NAME &val) : value(val.value) {}                                \

    NAME(const std::string &_opt);                                             \

  }


/**

\internal

\def _NUMERIC_WITH_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE

\param NAME The official name of the attribute class

\param ... a define preprocessor param pack.

\brief declares an attribute composed of a numerical value and an

enumerated constant

*/

#define _NUMERIC_WITH_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(NAME, ...)                          \

  using NAME = class NAME {                                                    \

  public:                                                                      \

    enum optionEnum : uint8_t { __VA_ARGS__ };                                 \

    double value;                                                              \

    optionEnum option;                                                         \

    NAME(const double &_val, const optionEnum &_opt)                           \

        : value(_val), option(_opt) {}                                         \

    NAME(const NAME &_val) : value(_val.value), option(_val.option) {}         \

    NAME(const std::string &_str);                                             \

  }


/**

\internal

\def _COLOR_ATTRIBUTE

\param NAME The official name of the attribute class

\brief declares an attribute composed of a numerical value and an

enumerated constant

*/

#define _COLOR_ATTRIBUTE(NAME)                                                 \

  using NAME = class NAME : public colorNF {                                   \

  public:                                                                      \

    NAME(const double &_v1, const double &_v2, const double &_v3)              \

        : colorNF(colorFormat::rgb, {_v1, _v2, _v3, 0}) {}                     \

    NAME(const std::string &_colorName) : colorNF(_colorName) {}               \

    NAME(const colorFormat &_opt, const std::array<double, 4> &_val)           \

        : colorNF(_opt, _val) {}                                               \

    NAME(const colorFormat _opt, const double &_v1, const double &_v2,         \

         const double &_v3)                                                    \

        : colorNF(_opt, {_v1, _v2, _v3, 0}) {}                                 \

    NAME(const colorFormat &_opt, const double &_v1, const double &_v2,        \

         const double &_v3, const double &_v4)                                 \

        : colorNF(_opt, {_v1, _v2, _v3, _v4}) {}                               \

    NAME(const colorNF &_opt) : colorNF(_opt) {}                               \

  }


/**

\internal

\def _VECTOR_ATTRIBUTE

\param NAME The official name of the attribute class

\brief declares an attribute composed of a vector of string

*/

#define _VECTOR_ATTRIBUTE(NAME)                                                \

  using NAME = class NAME {                                                    \

  public:                                                                      \

    std::vector<std::string> value;                                            \

    NAME(std::vector<std::string> _val) : value(std::move(_val)) {}            \

  }


#define _STRUCT_ATTRIBUTE(NAME, NAME2) using NAME = NAME2


/**

  \addtogroup Attributes

  @{

*/

/// \class indexBy attribute for naming an element using a string. The value

/// is used to index.

_STRING_ATTRIBUTE(indexBy);

/// \class display attribute provides the method to control the layout flow

_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(display, in_line, block, none);

/// \class position to control the calculation of the position

_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(position, absolute, relative);

/// \class objectTop controls the position of the object

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(objectTop);

/// \class objectLeft controls the position of the object

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(objectLeft);

/// \class objectHeight controls the dimension of the object

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(objectHeight);

/// \class objectWidth controls the dimension of the object

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(objectWidth);

/// \class scrollTop controls the scrolling position of the inner object's

/// contents

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(scrollTop);

/// \class scrollLeft controls the scrolling position of the inner object's

/// contents

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(scrollLeft);

/// \class background controls the background color

_COLOR_ATTRIBUTE(background);

/// \class opacity controls the transparency of the background

_NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE(opacity);

/// \class textFace controls true type font used when drawing text. should be

/// a ttf file

_STRING_ATTRIBUTE(textFace);

/// \class textSize controls text rendering size

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(textSize);

/// \class textWeight controls character width boldness

_NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE(textWeight);

/// \class textColor controls character color

_COLOR_ATTRIBUTE(textColor);

/// \class textAlignment controls text alignment

_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(textAlignment, left, center, right, justified);

/// \class textIndent controls the indentation spacing

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(textIndent);

/// \class tabSize controls the indentation spacing

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(tabSize);

/// \class lineHeight controls the height of a line when rendered.

_NUMERIC_WITH_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(lineHeight, normal, numeric);

/// \class marginTop controls the top margin spacing.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(marginTop);

/// \class marginLeft controls the left margin spacing.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(marginLeft);

/// \class marginBotton controls the bottom margin spacing.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(marginBottom);

/// \class marginRight controls the right margin spacing.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(marginRight);

/// \class paddingTop controls the padding at the top.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(paddingTop);

/// \class paddingLeft controls the padding at the left.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(paddingLeft);

/// \class paddingBottom controls the padding at the bottom.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(paddingBottom);

/// \class paddingRight controls the padding at the right.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(paddingRight);

/// \class borderStyle controls the style in which the borders are rendered.

_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(borderStyle, none, dotted, dashed, solid, doubled, groove,

                      ridge, inset, outset);

/// \class borderWidth controls the width of the border.

_NUMERIC_WITH_FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(borderWidth);

/// \class borderColor controls the color of the border.

_COLOR_ATTRIBUTE(borderColor);

/// \class borderRadius controls the curvature of the border.

_NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE(borderRadius);

/// \class focusIndex controls the tab order focus of the user interface

/// element.

_NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE(focusIndex);

/// \class zIndex controls the zplane order rendering .

_NUMERIC_ATTRIBUTE(zIndex);


/// \class listStyleType controls the icon used to show aside the list items.

_ENUMERATED_ATTRIBUTE(listStyleType, none, disc, circle, square, decimal, alpha,

                      greek, latin, roman);


/// \class windowTitle sets the title of the window. The window class is

/// viewManagerApp always.

_STRING_ATTRIBUTE(windowTitle);


/// \class documentState holds the document state. The stateStructure applies

/// the structure which holds the information.

using documentState = class documentState {

public:

  int i;

  Element *focusField;

};


/** @}*/


/**

 \brief StyleClass provides a way to collect several attributes

 that have a style organized. The name can be applied to an

 element's style property and the class is automatically

 cross referenced to this one.

*/

class StyleClass {

public:

  std::unordered_map<std::type_index, std::any> attributes;

  StyleClass *self;


public:

  template <typename... Args> StyleClass(const Args &... args) : self(this) {

    setValue({args...});

  }

  void setValue(const std::vector<std::any> &attrs) {

    for (auto &n : attrs) {

      std::type_index ti = std::type_index(n.type());

      attributes[ti] = n;

    }

  }

};

/**

\internal

\namespace Visualizer

\brief The Visualizer namespace contains the code that draws and calculates

position of elements upon the viewing device. It is noted that the namespace

contains the platform object which is compiled and coded for the specific

operating system being used to render.

*/

namespace Visualizer {

/**

\internal

\typedef rectangle

\brief holds the coordinates of the object within the calculates rendering

output.

*/

typedef struct {

  double t;

  double l;

  double w;

  double h;

} rectangle;

extern std::vector<rectangle> items;

std::size_t allocate(Element &e);

void deallocate(const std::size_t &token);


/**

\internal

\class platform

\brief The platform contains logic to connect the document object model to the

local operating system.

*/

class platform {

public:

  platform(const eventHandler &evtDispatcher, const unsigned short width,

           const unsigned short height);

  ~platform();

  void openWindow(const std::string &sWindowTitle);

  void closeWindow(void);

  void messageLoop(void);

  inline FTC_FaceID getFaceID(std::string sTextFace);

  void drawText(const std::string &sTextFace, const int pointSize,

                const std::string &s, const unsigned int foreground, int x1,

                int y1, int x2, int y2, textAlignment tAlign);

  inline int drawChar(const int xPos, const int yPos, const int xPos2,

                      const int yPos2, const char c,

                      const unsigned int foreground, const FT_UInt glyph_index,

                      const FT_Size sizeFace, const FTC_Scaler scaler);

  double measureTextWidth(const std::string &sTextFace, const int pointSize,

                          const std::string &s);

  double measureFaceHeight(const std::string &sTextFace, const int pointSize);


  void drawCaret(const int x, const int y, const int h);

  inline void putPixel(const int x, const int y, const unsigned int color);

  inline unsigned int getPixel(const int x, const int y);


  void flip(void);

  void resize(const int w, const int h);

  void clear(void);

  bool filled(void);

  std::string getFontFilename(const std::string &sTextFace);


#if defined(__linux__)


#elif defined(_WIN64)

  static LRESULT CALLBACK WndProc(HWND hwnd, UINT message, WPARAM wParam,

                                  LPARAM lParam);

  bool initializeVideo(void);

  void terminateVideo(void);

#endif


#if defined(USE_INLINE_RENDERER)

  typedef struct {

    std::string filePath;

    int index;

  } faceCacheStruct;


  static FT_Error faceRequestor(FTC_FaceID face_id, FT_Library library,

                                FT_Pointer request_data, FT_Face *aface);


#endif


public:

#if defined(__linux__)

  Display *m_xdisplay;

  xcb_connection_t *m_connection;

  xcb_screen_t *m_screen;

  xcb_drawable_t m_window;

  xcb_gcontext_t m_graphics;

  xcb_pixmap_t m_pix;

  xcb_shm_segment_info_t m_info;


  // xcb -- keyboard

  xcb_key_symbols_t *m_syms;

  uint32_t m_foreground;

  u_int8_t *m_screenMemoryBuffer;


#elif defined(_WIN64)

  HWND m_hwnd;


  ID2D1Factory *m_pD2DFactory;

  ID2D1HwndRenderTarget *m_pRenderTarget;

  ID2D1Bitmap *m_pBitmap;


#endif


  int m_xpos;

  int m_ypos;

  int fontScale;

  std::vector<u_int8_t> m_offscreenBuffer;


private:

  eventHandler dispatchEvent;


  unsigned short _w;

  unsigned short _h;


#ifdef USE_INLINE_RENDERER

  FT_Library m_freeType;

  FTC_Manager m_cacheManager;


#ifdef USE_LCD_FILTER

  FTC_ImageCache m_imageCache;

#endif


#ifdef USE_GREYSCALE_ANTIALIAS

  FTC_SBitCache m_bitCache;

#endif


  FTC_CMapCache m_cmapCache;

  std::unordered_map<std::string, faceCacheStruct> m_faceCache;

  typedef std::unordered_map<std::string, faceCacheStruct>::iterator

      faceCacheIterator;


  //  std::unordered_map<std::pair<unsigned int, unsigned int>, unsigned int>

  //  m_blend;


#endif


}; // class platform

}; // namespace Visualizer


/**

  \internal

  \brief Internal function to create elements. The function

  accepts an array where as the main interface version is variodic

*/

template <typename TYPE>

auto &_createElement(const std::vector<std::any> &attr);


/**

\internal

\typedef factoryLambda is used by the document element factory as a

data type for the factory function within the unordered_map.

*/

typedef std::function<Element &(const std::vector<std::any> &attr)>

    factoryLambda;

/**

\internal

\typedef factoryMap is a definition of strings and lambda creation functions.

The document element is referenced by textual tag name wher the function

returns the creation of the object.

*/

typedef std::unordered_map<std::string, factoryLambda> factoryMap;

/**

\internal

\var objectFactoryMap is a constant unordered_map which contains the table.

*/

extern const factoryMap objectFactoryMap;

/**

\internal

\typedef attributeLambda is a function that sets the specific attribute upon

the pased element object.

*/

typedef std::function<void(Element &e, const std::string &param)>

    attributeLambda;

/**

\internal

\typedef attributeStringMap defines the unordered_map that is searched for

an attribute text name. The storage provides an information of the expected

number of parameters. 0 or 1.

*/

typedef std::unordered_map<std::string, std::pair<bool, attributeLambda>>

    attributeStringMap;

/**

\internal

\var attributeFactory is a const variable which holds the collection of

attribute strings, numer of parameters and attribute setting lambda.

*/

extern const attributeStringMap attributeFactory;


/**

   \details The class holds the cached results of the layout calculations.

   the coordinates include the margin and padding values.

   The boolean values are used when calculations have dependency

   such that font metrics must be attained first, or the parent's

   size is based upon percentages.

   Items that have the display::none property are never included in this list.

  */

using displayListItem = class displayListItem {

public:

  bool bAutoCalculateTop : 1;

  bool bAutoCalculateLeft : 1;

  bool bAutoCalculateRight : 1;

  bool bAutoCalculateBottom : 1;

  bool bCalculatedTop : 1;

  bool bCalculatedLeft : 1;

  bool bCalculatedRight : 1;

  bool bCalculatedBottom : 1;

  bool bCalculatedWidth : 1;

  bool bCalculatedHeight : 1;


  double x1;

  double y1;

  double x2;

  double y2;

  double ow;

  double oh;

  numericFormat x1_nf;

  numericFormat y1_nf;

  numericFormat ow_nf;

  numericFormat oh_nf;


  display::optionEnum disp;

  position::optionEnum pos;

  double zIndex;


  Element *ptr;


public:

  /// \brief notes the bounds have been completely calculated.

  bool completed(void) {

    return bCalculatedTop && bCalculatedLeft && bCalculatedRight &&

           bCalculatedBottom;

  }

};


/**

  \class Element

  \brief This is the main Element API. All document entities have this

  interface.

*/

class Element {

public:

  std::string_view softName;

  double penX;

  double penY;

  double maxX;

  double maxY;


public:

  Element(const std::string_view &_softName,

          const std::vector<std::any> &attribs = {})

      : softName(_softName), penX(0), penY(0), maxX(0),maxY(0), m_self(this), m_parent(nullptr),

        m_firstChild(nullptr), m_lastChild(nullptr), m_nextChild(nullptr),

        m_previousChild(nullptr), m_nextSibling(nullptr),

        m_previousSibling(nullptr), m_childCount(0), ingestStream(false) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

  ~Element() { Visualizer::deallocate(surface); }

  Element(const Element &other);

  Element(Element &&other) noexcept;

  Element &operator=(const Element &other);

  Element &operator=(Element &&other) noexcept;

#if 0

  inline bool operator==(const Element& lhs, const Element& rhs) {

    return lhs.m_self == rhs.m_self;

  }

#endif


private:

  /**

  \internal

  \typedef usageAdaptorState

  \brief the usageAdaptorState contains the state information used by the

  hinted rendered for finding dirty one screen information.

  */

  typedef struct _usageAdaptorState {

    std::size_t _size;

    std::size_t _visibleBegin;

    std::size_t _visibleEnd;

    std::size_t _lastWorkLoad;

  } usageAdaptorState;


  /**

  \internal

  \brief usageAdaptor<> - a templated class used only internally,

  holds the data of a templated type within a vector.

  Noted that vectors have sequential memory for all of their elements.

  This property is used by the hinting system to deduce set inclusion.

  They can be established just by the type leaving

  data and fnTransform empty.


  When just the data is passed, and a default transform function

  does not exist, the data is saved leaving the fnTransform as a default

  formatter according to the type.

  */

private:

  template <typename T> class usageAdaptor {

  public:

    usageAdaptor(void) {}

    usageAdaptor(std::vector<T> &_d) : _data(_d) { saveState(); }

    usageAdaptor(std::function<Element &(T &)> &_fn) : fnTransform(_fn) {

      saveState();

    }

    usageAdaptor(std::vector<T> _d, std::function<Element &(T &)> _fn)

        : _data(_d), fnTransform(_fn) {

      saveState();

    }

    auto &data(void) {

      saveState();

      return (_data);

    }

    auto &data(std::vector<T> &_input) {

      _data = std::move(_input);

      saveState();

      return (_data);

    }


    std::string get(std::size_t i) {

      std::stringstream ss;

      ss << _data[i];

      return ss.str();

    }


    std::size_t textDataSize(void) { return _data.size(); }


    std::string textData(int index) {

      std::stringstream ss;

      T n = _data[index];

      ss << n;

      return ss.str();

    }


    std::function<Element &(T &)> &transform(void) { return fnTransform; }


    // analyze hint data and deduce states

    void hint(void *hint1, std::size_t hint2, std::size_t hint3) {}


  private:

    std::vector<T> _data;

    std::function<Element &(T &)> fnTransform;

    usageAdaptorState state;


  private:

    void saveState(void) { state._size = _data.size(); }

  };


public:

  /**

  \tparam R notes the type of element that is to be created

  \tparam T notes the storage form of the associated data.

  \param std::string& is a markup string which is parsed. The form

  notes how the document fragment should be built and where the elements

  inside the named format. Typically the item is a tuple or a struct.


  \brief dataTransform templated function provides the interface for

  providing a transform function to go along with a data set.


  \details

  The dataTransform functionality is very similar to the xsl implementation.

  This version of the templated function provides the capability to have the

  system build elements based upon a markup string while providing an

  association with a data storage format.


  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp dataTransform_markup_with_data

  */

  template <typename R, typename T>

  void dataTransform(const std::string &txtFn) {}


  /**

  \tparam R notes the type of element that is to be created

  \tparam T notes the strage form of the associated data.

  \param std::string& is a markup string which is parsed. The form

  notes how the document fragment should be built and where the elements

  inside the named format. Typically the item is a tuple or a struct.

  \param std::function<bool(T &)>& provides a Boolean evaluation of the

  data element. The provided function should return true or false based upon

  the desired formatting. If true is return, the string is used to

  format the object.


  \brief dataTransform templated function provides the interface for

  providing a transform function to go along with a data set.


  \details

  The dataTransform functionality is very similar to the xsl implementation.

  This version of the templated function provides the capability to have the

  system build elements based upon a markup string while providing an

  association with a data storage format. In addition, the second parameter

  is an evaluation function which is called for each element proposed for

  display by the rendering system.


  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp dataTransform_markup_with_data_boolean_func

  */

  template <typename R, typename T>

  void dataTransform(const std::string &txtFn,

                     const std::function<bool(T &)> &_fn) {}


  /**

  \tparam R notes the type of element that is to be created

  \tparam T notes the storage form of the associated data.

  \param const std::function<R &(T &)>& The given parameter is a function

  which is called directly when a particular data element should be displayed

  according to visibility. The function should build the document

  fragment using the createElement API and return the parent object

  of the tree fragment.


  \brief dataTransform templated function provides the interface for

  providing a transform function to go along with a data set.


  \details

  The dataTransform functionality is very similar to the xsl implementation.

  This version of the templated function provides the capability to have the

  system build elements based upon the return of the given function. This

  function is called directly with a reference to the data element that

  will need display.


  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp dataTransform_func

  */

  template <typename R, typename T>

  void dataTransform(const std::function<R &(T &)> &_fn) {

    std::function<R &(T &)> fn = _fn;

    std::type_index tIndex = std::type_index(typeid(std::vector<T>));

    auto it = m_usageAdaptorMap.find(tIndex);

    // if the requested data adapter does not exist,

    // create its position within the adapter member vector

    // return this to the caller.

    if (it == m_usageAdaptorMap.end()) {

      // create a default data display for the type here.

      std::function<Element &(T &)> fnDefault;

      m_usageAdaptorMap[tIndex] = usageAdaptor<T>(fnDefault);

    } else {

      const auto &adaptor =

          std::any_cast<usageAdaptor<T> &>(m_usageAdaptorMap[tIndex]);

    }

  }


  /**

  \tparam R notes the type of element that is to be created

  \tparam T notes the storage form of the associated data.


  \brief This data transform uses the named value of the numerical column.


  \details

  This data transform uses an unordered_map to reference a lambda by a

  particular column within the tuple. So each record within the definition,

  provides a layout capability that is coded by the key. This creates a

  situation where maintenance of the layout is based editing the list.


  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp dataTransform_unordered_map

  */

  template <std::size_t I, typename T>

  void dataTransform(

      const std::unordered_map<typename std::tuple_element<I, T>::type,

                               std::function<Element &(T &)>> &_transformList) {

  }

  /**

    \brief data access interface for element based data storage.

    Elements can store vectors of the named type. This method provides

    an easy way to insert children into the element. As well by using the

    dataTransform in conjunction with the data() templated member, child

    elements may be build and formatted to the developer's specification. The

    information when given should always be in the form of a vector initializer

    list.


    \tparam T defaulted to a std::string.


    Example setting data

    --------------------

    \snippet examples.cpp data


    Example pushing the vector

    --------------------------

    \snippet examples.cpp data_push


  */

  template <typename T = std::string> auto &data(void) {

    auto tIndex = std::type_index(typeid(std::vector<T>));

    // if the requested data adaptor does not exist,

    // create its position within the adaptor member vector

    // return this to the caller.

    auto it = m_usageAdaptorMap.find(tIndex);

    if (it == m_usageAdaptorMap.end()) {

      // create a default data display for the type here.

      std::function<Element &(T &)> fnDefault;

      m_usageAdaptorMap[tIndex] = usageAdaptor<T>(fnDefault);

      return (

          std::any_cast<usageAdaptor<T> &>(m_usageAdaptorMap[tIndex]).data());

    } else {

      return (std::any_cast<usageAdaptor<T> &>(it->second).data());

    }

  }


  /**

  \brief the dataHint function provides the mechanism to inform the rendering

  system of changes to the underlying data within the buffers.


  */

  template <typename T>

  void dataHint(const T &hint1, std::size_t hint2 = 0, std::size_t hint3 = 0) {}


  template <typename T>

  void dataHint(int hint1 = 0, std::size_t hint2 = 0, std::size_t hint3 = 0) {

    auto it = m_usageAdaptorMap.find(std::type_index(typeid(std::vector<T>)));

    // save input signal ? valid ?

    // check saved state from getAdaptor.

    if (it != m_usageAdaptorMap.end()) {

      const usageAdaptor<T> &adaptor =

          std::any_cast<const usageAdaptor<T> &>(it->second);

      // adaptor.hint(hint1, hint2, hint3);

    }

  }


  /**

  \var ingestStream

  \brief The ingestStream Boolean value is a setting which determines

  if the stream coming into the system is first interpreted as markup

  content. Two functions both check this value. The stream input operator and

  the printf function. If you desire that content should be parsed as a markup

  stream, this variable should be set to true.

  */

  bool ingestStream; // change form documentation


  /**

  \brief overload of the stream insertion operator.


  \details

  Simply puts the data into the stream. It should be

  noted that flush should be called. By default the contents

  of the stream are directly inserted into the data<std::string>() vector.

  When the ingestStream flag is set to true, the stream is parsed for markup

  and appended to the named element.



  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp stream_operator


  \ref markupInputFormat

  */

  template <typename T> Element &operator<<(const T &data) {

    std::ostringstream s;

    s << data;

    std::string sData = s.str();


    if (this->ingestStream) {

      ingestMarkup(*this, sData);

    } else {

      // append the information to the end of the data vector.

      this->data().push_back(sData);

    }


    return *this;

  }


  auto query(const std::string &queryString) -> ElementList{};

  auto query(const ElementQuery &queryFunction) -> ElementList{};


private:

  Element *m_self;

  Element *m_parent;

  Element *m_firstChild;

  Element *m_lastChild;

  Element *m_nextChild;

  Element *m_previousChild;

  Element *m_nextSibling;

  Element *m_previousSibling;

  std::size_t m_childCount;


  // interface access points for the tree traversal functions

public:

/**

  \internal

  \def _REF_INTERFACE

  \brief the macro creates a public interface for the named data member.

  The first macro parameter names the interface while the second parameter

  names a member pointer. Noted that the interface will return a reference

  wrapper or nullptr. This macro is used to declare and implement the document

  tree traversal methods.

*/

#define _REF_INTERFACE(NAME, xNAME)                                            \

  std::optional<std::reference_wrapper<Element>> NAME(void) {                  \

    return (xNAME ? std::optional<std::reference_wrapper<Element>>{*xNAME}     \

                  : std::nullopt);                                             \

  }

  /**

   \fn parent

   \brief contains the parent element within the document traversal hierarchy


   Example

   -------

   \snippet examples.cpp parent

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(parent, m_parent);


  /**

  \fn firstChild

  \brief contains the firstChild element within the document traversal

   hierarchy


   Example

   -------

   \snippet examples.cpp firstChild

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(firstChild, m_firstChild);


  /**

    \fn lastChild

    \brief contains the lastChild element within the document traversal

    hierarchy


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp lastChild

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(lastChild, m_lastChild);


  /**

    \fn nextChild

    \brief contains the nextChild element within the document traversal

    hierarchy


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp nextChild

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(nextChild, m_nextChild);


  /**

    \fn previousChild

    \brief contains the previousChild element within the document traversal

    hierarchy


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp previousChild

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(previousChild, m_previousChild);


  /**

    \fn nextSibling

    \brief contains the nextSibling element within the document traversal

    hierarchy


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp nextSibling

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(nextSibling, m_nextSibling);


  /**

    \fn previousSibling

    \brief contains the previousSibling element within the document traversal

    hierarchy


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp previousSibling

  */

  _REF_INTERFACE(previousSibling, m_previousSibling);


  /**

    \fn childCount

    \brief contains the number of children


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp childCount

  */

  inline std::size_t &childCount(void) { return m_childCount; }


  /**

  \internal

  \class iterator

  \brief An iterator class that traverses the tree

  */

  class iterator {

  public:

    iterator(Element *pNode) noexcept : m_pCurrentNode(pNode) {}

    iterator &operator=(Element *pNode);

    iterator &operator++();

    iterator operator++(int);

    iterator &operator--();

    bool operator!=(const iterator &iterator);

    Element &operator*();

    iterator begin();

    iterator end();


  private:

    Element *m_pCurrentNode;

  };


  /**

  \fn children(void)

  \brief The function provides a method to easily write range based for loops.

  \details The children function provides a method that returns an iterator

  object. This iterator object is an internally defined class that implements

  the c++ interface for iterators.


  \snippet examples.cpp children


  */

  auto children(void) -> iterator { return iterator(this); };


  /**

    \var styles

    \brief contains the style classes associated with the element


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp styles

  */

  std::vector<std::reference_wrapper<StyleClass>> styles;


private:

  std::unordered_map<std::type_index, std::any> attributes;

  std::unordered_map<std::type_index, std::any> m_usageAdaptorMap;

  std::size_t surface;


public:

  /**

  \internal

  \brief The member contains a pointer to its display record.

  Display records are stored within the main Viewer class or _root

  element.

  */

  void wordMetrics(Visualizer::platform &device);

  double computeWrappedTextDataHeight(Visualizer::platform &device,

                                      double dWrappingWidth);

  double computeWidestTextData(Visualizer::platform &device);

  typedef struct {

    double totalWidth;

    double wordWidth;

    size_t spacePosition;

  } wordMetricType;


  std::map<std::pair<std::size_t, std::size_t>, std::vector<wordMetricType>>

      indexedWordMetrics;

  typedef std::map<std::size_t, std::vector<wordMetricType>>::iterator

      wordMetricsIterator;

  displayListItem displayList;


public:

  auto appendChild(const std::string &sMarkup) -> Element &;

  auto appendChild(Element &newChild) -> Element &;

  auto appendChild(const ElementList &elementCollection) -> Element &;

  /**

   \brief the templated function accepts an element type within the template

   parameter and attributes within the parameter. The created element is

   appended as a child.

   \tparam ATTR... param pack of attribute objects.

   \return Element& a reference to the newly appended child


   Example

   -------

   \snippet examples.cpp appendChild_parampack


  */

  template <typename TYPE, typename... ATTRS>

  auto appendChild(const ATTRS &... attrs) -> Element & {

    TYPE &e = _createElement<TYPE>({attrs...});

    appendChild(e);

    return (e);

  }


public:

  auto append(const std::string &sMarkup) -> Element &;

  auto append(Element &sibling) -> Element &;

  auto append(ElementList &elementCollection) -> Element &;

  /**

  \brief the templated function accepts a element type within the template

  parameter and attributes within the parameter. The created element is

  appended as a sibling of the referenced element.


  \tparam ATTR... param pack of attribute objects.


  \return a reference to the appended object for continuation syntax.


  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp append_parampack


  */

  template <typename TYPE, typename... ATTRS>

  auto append(const ATTRS &... attrs) -> Element & {

    TYPE &e = _createElement<TYPE>({attrs...});

    append(e);

    return (e);

  }


public:

  Element &setAttribute(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs);

  Element &setAttribute(const std::any &setting);


  /** \brief The setAttribute templated function provides a

  parameter pack version which expands the parameters into a vector of

  std::any.

  \tparam TYPES... a param pack of attributes


  Example

  -------

  \snippet examples.cpp setAttribute_parampack


  */

  template <typename... TYPES>

  Element &setAttribute(const TYPES &... settings) {

    setAttribute(std::vector<std::any>{settings...});

    return *this;

  }


public:

  /**

    \brief the templated function returns specified attribute.

    \tparam ATTR_TYPE a named object.

    \return returns a reference to the attribute. An exception

    is raised if the attribute is currently not associated.

    \exception std::invalid_argument When an element does not contain

    an element, an exception is thrown.


    Example

    -------

    \snippet examples.cpp getAttribute


  */

  template <typename ATTR_TYPE> ATTR_TYPE &getAttribute(void) {

    ATTR_TYPE *ret = nullptr;

    auto it = attributes.find(std::type_index(typeid(ATTR_TYPE)));

    if (it != attributes.end()) {

      ret = &std::any_cast<ATTR_TYPE &>(it->second);


    } else {

      std::string info = typeid(ret).name();

      info += " attribute not found";


      throw std::invalid_argument(info);

    }

    return *ret;

  }


private:

  std::vector<eventHandler> onfocus;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onblur;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onresize;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onkeydown;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onkeyup;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onkeypress;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onmouseenter;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onmouseleave;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onmousemove;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onmousedown;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onmouseup;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onclick;

  std::vector<eventHandler> ondblclick;

  std::vector<eventHandler> oncontextmenu;

  std::vector<eventHandler> onwheel;


private:

  std::vector<eventHandler> &getEventVector(eventType evtType);


public:

  auto move(const double t, const double l) -> Element &;

  auto resize(const double w, const double h) -> Element &;

  auto addListener(eventType evtType, eventHandler evtHandler) -> Element &;

  auto removeListener(eventType evtType, eventHandler evtHandler) -> Element &;

  void dispatch(const event &e);

  virtual void render(Visualizer::platform &device);

  auto insertBefore(Element &newChild, Element &existingElement) -> Element &;

  auto insertBefore(Element &newChild, std::string &sID) -> Element &;

  auto insertAfter(Element &newChild, Element &existingElement) -> Element &;

  auto insertAfter(Element &newChild, std::string &sID) -> Element &;

  void remove(void);

  auto removeChild(Element &childElement) -> Element &;

  auto removeChild(std::string &sID) -> Element &;

  auto removeChildren(void) -> Element &;

  auto clear(void) -> Element &;

  auto replaceChild(Element &newChild, Element &oldChild) -> Element &;

  auto replaceChild(Element &newChild, std::string &sID) -> Element &;


#if defined(__clang__)

  void printf(const char *fmt, ...)

      __attribute__((__format__(__printf__, 2, 0)));

#else

  void printf(const char *fmt, ...);

#endif


private:

  /// \enum the type of tokenized data

  enum itemType {

    element,

    elementTerminal,

    attribute,

    attributeValue,

    attributeSimple,

    color,

    textData

  };


  /// \typedef the variant holds the payload from the tokenizer

  typedef std::variant<std::string, factoryLambda, attributeLambda, colorNF>

      parserOperator;


  /// \typedef the structure that holds the parser context.

  typedef struct {

    // the elements parsed thus far token

    std::vector<std::tuple<itemType, bool, parserOperator>> parsedData;

    // stack holding the tree of elements

    std::vector<std::reference_wrapper<Element>> elementStack;

    // true when a < is encountered, Presumed that the information will be a

    // markup

    bool bSignal;

    // true when a primary token has been captured, ie the first item after the

    // <

    bool bToken;

    // skips the character from being captured.

    bool bSkip;

    // true when the / is encountered and a signal has been found

    bool bTerminal;

    // true when the attributes are being set.

    bool bAttributeList;

    // true when an attribute value is expected

    bool bAttributeListValue;

    // true when the information should be queried for a token

    bool bQuery;

    // holds the position of the signal start

    const char *signalStart;

    // the capturing of an element or token name

    std::string sCapture;

    // text information that will be added to the elements data

    std::string sText;


  } parserContext;


  void processParseContext(parserContext &pc);

  auto ingestMarkup(Element &node, const std::string &markup) -> Element &;

  void updateIndexBy(const indexBy &setting);

}; // class Element


// prototypes for the user defined literals

auto operator""_pt(unsigned long long int value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_pt(long double value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_em(unsigned long long int value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_em(long double value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_px(unsigned long long int value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_px(long double value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_percent(unsigned long long int value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_percent(long double value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_pct(unsigned long long int value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_pct(long double value) -> doubleNF;

auto operator""_normal(unsigned long long int value) -> lineHeight;

auto operator""_normal(long double value) -> lineHeight;

auto operator""_numeric(unsigned long long int value) -> lineHeight;

auto operator""_numeric(long double value) -> lineHeight;


/**

\addtogroup Entities Document Entities


The document entities is a collection which is established in the

base model. Typical character processing and basic flow layout are

established by these objects. The document entity must derrive from the

Element class as a base class.


@{

*/

/**

\class BR

\brief line break

\extends Element


\details When the BR element is present within the document

hierarchy, it is likened to the effects of a \n new line or return.

The next position of textual or document flow will go to the next line

position.


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp BR


*/

using BR = class BR : public Element {

public:

  BR(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs) : Element("br") {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class H1

\brief heading level 1

\extends Element

\details The H1 element provides a heading of a level 1 within a document.

The element is useful for titles. The object is created with the following

default styles.


- display::block

- marginTop{.67_em}

- marginLeft{.67_em}

- marginBottom{0_em}

- marginRight{0_em}

- textSize{2_em}

- textWeight{800}


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp H1

*/

using H1 = class H1 : public Element {

public:

  H1(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("h1", {display::block, marginTop{.67_em}, marginLeft{.67_em},

                       marginBottom{0_em}, marginRight{0_em}, textSize{2_em},

                       textWeight{800}}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class H2

\brief heading level 2

\extends Element

\details The H2 element provides a heading of a level 2 within a document.

The element is useful for titles. The object is created with the following

default styles.


- display::block

- marginTop{.83_em}

- marginLeft{.83_em}

- marginBottom{0_em}

- marginRight{0_em}

- textSize{1.5_em}

- textWeight{800}


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp H2

*/

using H2 = class H2 : public Element {

public:

  H2(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("h2", {display::block, marginTop{.83_em}, marginLeft{.83_em},

                       marginBottom{0_em}, marginRight{0_em}, textSize{1.5_em},

                       textWeight{800}}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class H3

\brief heading level 3

\extends Element

\details The H2 element provides a heading of a level 2 within a document.

The element is useful for titles. The object is created with the following

default styles.


- display::block

- marginTop{1_em}

- marginLeft{1_em}

- marginBottom{0_em}

- marginRight{0_em}

- textSize{1.17_em}

- textWeight{800}


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp H3

*/

using H3 = class H3 : public Element {

public:

  H3(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("h3", {display::block, marginTop{1_em}, marginLeft{1_em},

                       marginBottom{0_em}, marginRight{0_em}, textSize{1.17_em},

                       textWeight{800}}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class PARAGRAPH

\brief a paragraph of text

\extends Element

\details The paragraph element allows for a flowing block of information that

is considered to be a paragraph. The object is created with the following

defaulted attributes:


- listStyleType::disc

- marginTop{1_em}

- marginLeft{1_em}

- marginBottom{0_em}

- marginRight{0_em}


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp PARAGRAPH

*/

using PARAGRAPH = class PARAGRAPH : public Element {

public:

  PARAGRAPH(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("paragraph", {display::block, marginTop{1_em}, marginLeft{1_em},

                              marginBottom{0_em}, marginRight{0_em}}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class DIV

\brief a divisor block

\extends Element

\details The DIV element provides a block level element. Within the

box model, the information aligns top down. When additional blocks are added,

the items flow as if a carriage return were entered. The object is created

with the following default styles:


- display::block


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp DIV

*/

using DIV = class DIV : public Element {

public:

  DIV(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs) : Element("div", {display::block}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class SPAN

\brief a span block

\extends Element

\details The SPAN block provides a continued flowing element. The

object has no default styles associated.



Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp SPAN

*/

using SPAN = class SPAN : public Element {

public:

  SPAN(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("span", {display::in_line}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class UL

\brief an unordered list

\extends Element

\details The UL block provides an unordered list of items. Children

of the list can be added using the data() or by manually adding LI elements.

When created, the following default attributes are established:


- listStyleType::disc

- display::block

- marginTop{1_em}

- marginLeft{1_em}

- marginBottom{0_em}

- marginRight{0_em}

- paddingLeft{40_px}


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp UL

*/

using UL = class UL : public Element {

public:

  UL(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("ul", {listStyleType::disc, display::block, marginTop{1_em},

                       marginLeft{1_em}, marginBottom{0_em}, marginRight{0_em},

                       paddingLeft{40_px}}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class OL

\brief an ordered list

\extends Element

\details The UL block provides an ordered list of items. When multiple

children exists, they are numerically numbered automatically. The listStyleType

notes what for the numeric literals are shown as. Children

of the list can be added using the data() or by manually adding LI elements.

When created, the following default attributes are established:


- listStyleType::decimal

- display::block

- marginTop{1_em}

- marginLeft{1_em}

- marginBottom{0_em}

- marginRight{0_em}

- paddingLeft{40_px}


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp OL

*/

using OL = class OL : public Element {

public:

  OL(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("ol", {listStyleType::decimal, display::block, marginTop{1_em},

                       marginLeft{1_em}, marginBottom{0_em}, marginRight{0_em},

                       paddingLeft{40_px}}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class LI

\brief an list item, can be inserted into ol or ul

\extends Element

\details The LI element is a list item. Its persistence is

associated with the UL and OL elements. As a child, this

object is usually in a series of items of these list items.


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp LI


*/

using LI = class LI : public Element {

public:

  LI(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs) : Element("li", {display::block}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};


/**

  \typedef tableColumns

  \brief tableColumns is a two dimensional string vector named appropiately

  for the TABLE element.

  \see TABLE

*/

using tableColumns = std::vector<std::string>;


/**

\typedef tableData

\brief The tableData alias is used by the TABLE element. It

is useful when setting the data that is shown within the view.

It is a two dimensional vector of std::string.

  \see TABLE

*/

using tableData = std::vector<std::vector<std::string>>;


/**

\class TABLE

\brief a table element to manage a grid of information

\extends Element

\details The TABLE element provides a grid layout of information.

the child elements that are applied is the table data attribute.

This attribute is a two dimensional vector composed of string

values.


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp TABLE


*/

using TABLE = class TABLE : public Element {

public:

  TABLE(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs) : Element("table") {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class IMAGE

\brief an image

\extends Element

\details The IMAGE element display an image. The filename of the image

should be given within the data property as a string.


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp IMAGE


*/

using IMAGE = class IMAGE : public Element {

public:

  IMAGE(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs)

      : Element("image", {display::in_line}) {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/**

\class textNode

\brief a node of textual information

\extends Element

\details The textNode is a textual component that at times is necessary

for children of other main document entities. When colors are modified

mid stream for other document elements, the subsequent text along with

the specified color is added as a textNode automatically by the parsing

stream API.


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp textNode


*/

class textNode : public Element {

public:

  textNode(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs) : Element("textNode") {

    setAttribute(attribs);

  }

};

/** @}*/


/**

\def USE_LOWER_CASE_ENTITY_NAMES

\brief Options for compiling that provide recognition of

 lower case entity names.

*/

#define USE_LOWER_CASE_ENTITY_NAMES

// map lower case terms as well for flexibility

#ifdef USE_LOWER_CASE_ENTITY_NAMES

using element = Element;

using paragraph = PARAGRAPH;

using br = BR;

using h1 = H1;

using h2 = H2;

using h3 = H3;

using dblock = DIV;

using span = SPAN;

using ul = UL;

using ol = OL;

using li = LI;

using image = IMAGE;

using textnode = textNode;

#endif


/**

\internal

\brief_createElement that accepts a vector of std::any attributes

\tparam TYPE is a named document entity.

*/

template <typename TYPE>

auto &_createElement(const std::vector<std::any> &attrs) {

  // create object

  std::unique_ptr<TYPE> e = std::make_unique<TYPE>(attrs);

  // storage key is actually the numeric pointer.

  std::size_t storageKey = (std::size_t)e.get();


  // this version of the insert returns the position of where it was inserted.

  // this is important as the pointer will be owned by the unordered_map

  // simply getting the value

  std::pair<elementsIterator, bool> ret =

      elements.insert({storageKey, std::move(e)});


  TYPE *typedReturn = static_cast<TYPE *>(ret.first->second.get());

  return static_cast<TYPE &>(*typedReturn);

}


/**

\addtogroup API Global Document API


@{

*/


/**

\brief A templated factory implementation for reference based callee and

viewManager ownership of the object.


\tparam TYPE is the object type to create. This class should be one that

is derrived from the base element class.


\tparam ATTRS... is a parameter pack of attributes.


\details The createElement templated function is the main way in which

top level elements are created. The function returns a reference object.

Internally the function manufactures a smart pointer to the document entity

and object


Example

-------

\snippet examples.cpp createElement


*/

template <class TYPE, typename... ATTRS>

auto &createElement(const ATTRS &... attribs) {

  return _createElement<TYPE>({attribs...});

  ;

}

/**

\brief A templated function that creates a collection of attributes. The

returned value can be placed upon the style vector of an element. This

provides the mechanism to define styles once and have them linked to several.


\tparam Types... is a parameter pack of attributes. The parameter pack is

expanded and places inside a vector which is the style.

*/

template <typename... Types> auto createStyle(Types... args) -> StyleClass & {

  std::unique_ptr<StyleClass> newStyle = std::make_unique<StyleClass>(args...);

  styles.push_back(std::move(newStyle));

  return *styles.back().get();

}


auto query(const std::string &queryString) -> ElementList;

auto query(const ElementQuery &queryFunction) -> ElementList;


/**

  \brief The getElement function searches the indexed elements and

  returns the referenced element. The indexBy attributes is used to index.

  \tparam T is defaulted to the base object type of Element. A specific

  element type can also be sought and returned.

*/

template <class T = Element &> auto getElement(const std::string &key) -> T & {


  auto it = indexedElements.find(key);

  if (it != indexedElements.end()) {

    T &ret = reinterpret_cast<T &>(it->second.get());

    return ret;


  } else {

    std::string info = key;

    info += " element not found by ID ";


    throw std::invalid_argument(info);

  }

}


bool hasElement(const std::string &key);

/** @}*/


/**

\def

The object factory map provides a parser allocation map for base objects.

Currently the implementation is const. When more elements are added this

will need updating to support the alternate methods of allocation. Perhaps

architecturally the functionality can be turned into a function during the

ingestMarkup routine. When the ingestMarkup routine finds a unrecognized entry

according to the map lookup, the dynamic map provided for extension is then

queried. The dynamic extension table is provided for growth when different tools

are added on top of the viewManager base library.

*/

#define CREATE_OBJECT(OBJECT_TEXT, OBJECT_TYPE)                                \

  {                                                                            \

#OBJECT_TEXT,                                                              \

        [](const std::vector <std::any> &attrs)                                \

             -> Element & { return _createElement<OBJECT_TYPE>(attrs); }       \

  }


/**

\brief The class is the main document viewer. Applications must create this as

the top node of the tree. All subsequent operations are added or appended to

this object.

*/

class Viewer : public Element {

public:

  Viewer(const std::vector<std::any> &attribs);

  ~Viewer();

  Viewer(const Viewer &) : Element("Viewer") {}

  Viewer &operator=(const Viewer &) {}

  Viewer &operator=(Viewer &&other) noexcept {} // move assignment

  void render();

  void processEvents(void);

  void dispatchEvent(const event &e);


private:

  void treeOrderComputeLayout(double &penx, double &penY, Element &e);

  void computeLayout(Element &e);


private:

  std::unique_ptr<Visualizer::platform> m_device;


  std::vector<displayListItem *> m_displayList;

};

}; // namespace viewManager


#ifdef INCLUDE_UX

#include "viewManagerUX.hpp"

#endif


Audio Subsystem
The ability to create an immersive audio foundation that will be reused does require many functions of design plan. To list the types of features present in context, musical structure,  DAW capabilities and sound for stereo and surround has a known series of primitives in architecture. Planning implementation from existing Linux code has its platform awareness and

downfalls. The positives are there is a working system that can be studied. Audio mixing, chain loading, samples, and synthesizer. An aspect of synthesizer software is that many computing facilities have enough disposed CPU resources

to produce sound. Yet at the moment midgrade and above are the most spot-free at production. Perhaps some very low-end computing devices can be not as effective for complete quality at real-time.


 The sound card provisions, are not direct but catalog a mountain of cards to support. Changing the port status, etc. The

ability to link directly the sound card, as a function system component, exists in the same light as video. Displaying text, or even playing notes. Extensive amounts of code exist to form ideas. As a system Linux resource, the main instance of the driver for sound should be programmed from for sound.


Supporting multiple drivers for sound, soundboards, and other aspects becomes a tedious model for some technology. Yet sound remains embarked upon as a select programming protocol. A layer will exist, providing the planned mixing capabilities inline. As data structures, most types of processing can be compiled and reformed. The effectiveness of BitWig does seem enticing. Yet internally, too much complexity exists. Because it is a complete application. It has to provide support for many formats. Using LLVM in conjunction with language and UI can be advanced.


The limited screen use of Bitwig lends itself to be one of the best legacy screens. A newer model for organization can be tailored to work as a type of text, and UI in a document object that can be scrolled. Areas may be set aside and reserved.

Easier control over drum patterns and compositing tracks. Songs of this sort can become even a program to power the DAW base system functionality. It seems the function of naming and track ordering is secondary. Yet providing some parts as a textual-based console with a component UI. Block building songs. UI tends to play text, secondary. Text describes sound, and also can be used as object building. Allowing for reference.


Other useful types of patterns can be adopted and mixed.


Sound production in digital form is simply a series of numbers, integer even. 16bit audio is a 16bit integer with a range beteen -32767 and +32767. This integer is expected to vary over time to create wave patterns. This number directly changes the position of the woofer. example, the square wave is simply both range numbers repeated a certain number of times.Since the information is consumed at a particular rate, it must be continually produced to change.


Some interesting aspects of knowledge to think about is how a system wide floating point representation change this except during driver communication. Does it change the quality and errors?



Connecting these objects to the generic os abstract class is desirable. Keeping the code base with few audio codes. .flac seems good for lossless, and mp3 higher bitrate. mp3 is a license form, while ogg vorbis has a public domain

version. Perhaps go with ogg source.



The possibility to control music daw structures for tracks, midi playback, and rendering mixdown. Automating some types of signal processing for balancing is useful.


The sound system at the OS system layer at the OS layer should have the capability to mix audio in chains and provide this service to multiple clients perhaps, yet the effects of system DSP elements should transpire running per application process space, or on a different ring.


The necessity of object-oriented design for a language-specific for DSP plugins is the most effective. As a base, the plugin has some distinct input and output functions.Providing for UI description is a better decision at another software layer. while the audio object with states and memory be applied as a specific general-purpose programming language. Function interface visitor prototypes for calling events. Midi vs Audio. A sampler with velocity mixture, ADSR. Envelope and automation. Rates, osculators, timing functions, noises. FM, waveform producing language with algorithmic editing of chunk audio. Live versus

real time.



Text-to-speech engines are prized. I gather investments are in more dynamic modeling of the voice and pronunciation. Most, even great sounding, seem ineffective. Yet often when providing such obscurities to voice, it may make them

unintelligible because of the amount of variance. The capability to be enticed is better, as a game media machine, voice model data is often within the first layer of text described. The utterance. Currently, some data, or in the past has been included which is basic audio of a voice. Rules are formed for building the sound and how to choose the correct proceeding, previous utterance as well as control rate. These basic principles offer approximations combined with sophisticated audio blending. Yet often the process, as an object-oriented one, that includes more input from the DSP  to create signals can

provide more control over production. Offering more parameters over tonal control production with a basic signal is possible to control the sub-elements of it as a time function. essentially the parameters of the speaking context are passed through as a data stream. By using the current array of utterance selection and rule base, using perhaps a type of voxel model to produce

envelopes within the utterance using HD stretch and pitch alterations may increase the approximated system and provide more emotional controls per sample set. Ultimately the concepts are difficult without advanced knowledge. Systems that use machine learning perhaps are utilizing a set where fragments of known language spoken bits are had. Where utterances appear within the text being read, the type of word, and the brush of humanness at that point in reading aloud to the

microphone.


Providing models and pitch attenuation with audio additions that mingle with types of speech patterns can ring moods. Creature speech is much easier with this type of flexibility in speech production. The engine research is important, yet

there are easier methods for content creation using teamwork. If voices are to be placed, providing a type of character in the game, an actual person can be the voice talent chosen and functionally train the model for the situation as a voice actor. Perhaps a type of professional camera and microphone integrated could solve the input mechanism. Providing appropriate light and color-saturated dies to the lips for shape recognition makes it easier, very reactive, and a simple technology to implement. Imagine how fast and found some specifications are for in-game dialog control. As a focus, organic content is a separation from qualities.


Providing types of work in this nature is dynamic, programmers yell for different reasons other than meeting the giant fifteen-foot tentical monster. To see the captive moments and that type of dynamic spice to what people would be doing in a FOV, stumbling, surprise, and per frame as independent actors their voice models meeting the requirements of the moment. That last bit, when the tentacle sweeps around and the TTS engine inspects "eeuh, get ahuuh the key<done>" and then the creature eats the character. Each tentacle with eyes and an organic weapon, such as acid thorns. A type of specific generator for these types of patterns can be seen. Adding types of effects that are composed of hit test data can be interesting to mingle with production. Ultimately sound provides realism and detail elements syncronized with video can invoke sense-filling. While obviously never completely tricked, the FOV and awareness can evolve as types of objects.


The true sense of voice on a business scale has been identified. People enjoy the knowledge of variance. On telephony applications it gives an indication as to what can happen, since you are at a prompt system, drink a sip

of coffee before looking at the keypad on the phone. A bot system can be in place for example when the boss is called to hear the complaint using a different voice model perhaps is not functionality as an upgrade path for this type of sound technology. Yet the ability to produce types of speech patterns, more approximated to emotion, with types of base DSP effects and mixups as a sound editing composition can add to models. The pitch alteration, with perhaps aftertouch effects acoustically defined for a tonal mix, the extra hisses that vary, along with the deep voice is a typical human-interpreted concept of a type

of voice. The dexterity of the model processing and also using sound knowledge to provide granular decision-making to a style can be parameterized, and often course parameters as a main controller are identified for use. The three-tier model while the middle tier is the current implementation of such systems, audio data, and database relational intelligence, the kerning of speech.


The majesty of acting and other types of forward body actions create a one-line story. You could have a program laugh very loud, but the movements of the mouth and bones do not match on live entertainment visually. So an accurate system

would be compelled to tie these together, suited for daft play. Games and media would make the best candidate action for this type. Simply applying that it is turned off, is a matter of the TTS engine sound design.


There are many problems to be enticed to solve which are held in other sound engines. Web oriented. Some source code does exist. Newer methods have been made. Computer voices that even mimic characterizations. Providing with an input

of like software can be useful. Most likely not a system-level component, however. No reason the CPU needs to talk. For the application layer, a third-party tts is almost necessary.



Some notable audio can be connected to USB. USB of multiple types and multiple ports. Luckily the format is very universal for audio cards, and digital microphones.



Using the generic operating system object, to work with basic audio output and control the volume. Mixing multiple audio together and stop-start.


Timing synchronization can occur using the same event systems used by animation.


These classes attach to the main generic_os_t function implementation of class.


The ability to utilize the 5.1 system arrangement as a music format can be specific for sound field automation. Stereo has not even been mastered by some. Providing Video animation of computer graphics as a musical art without branding video productions. A type of lava lamp for music, show and play music for projection. The music stream format has tag formats to support what is known as metadata, typically to a codec, and transferred to dispatch and timing information along with other parameters to the selected codec in the chain. Perhaps some parts would control USB devices, or blue tooth robots, lamps dim at scary points and brighten along with the vibration under the cushion.


A rendering projector output of for format and software rendering control parameters. Models and textures may be transmitted through the format, as most existing formats provide such as mp3 and also flac, Audio waves.




https://xiph.org/ao/

Alsa

libasound




<alsa/asoundlib.h>



namespace viewManager {


/* a few bugs in place to find the amount of detail. Then

encompass into a seemingly simpleton box and harnish emotionally.

Rebuke, chastise and teach. Sample rate, and glitches, postmessage

verses sendmessage, dual good jammies and a flat to go.


So sometimes writing bug free code requires planning. And then

making sure that not too many extra bells and whistles are added.

API design in essence is the basic form of all language control for

multiple functions. With the fulfillment of a complete application

W3C style, the most modern forms of advanced bug-free code are available.

The implementations of JavaScript and successful capabilities

of applications is seen within the browser. Yet, the base os

and its application primitives have not been made aware within the consumer

industry. Callouts from languages such as rust, lua.


*/

enum class sampleRate {


};


/*

 a nice interface to the sub-systems that provide

 the musical rendering of notes. There are multiple

 plugins that are fabulous. Yet sticking with

 a limited set of essentials, while completing

 the chain with top-level controls and preset chains is effective.

 The recognition of the General Midi sound design

 and sound font produces multiple audiences.

 Simply the program name is still a hard-coded number

 for a panio, the drum kit kick is at a specific note.

 The ability to adapt these systems is fine. These types

 of decisions can be made independently of the low-level

 code that allows an interface to describe musical

 data, as a data structure.


*/

class audio_daw_t {

public:

  class daw_node_t {};


  class PCM_t {

  public:

    std::vector<uint32_t> data;

  };


  class parameter_t {

  public:

    uint16_t id;

    std::variant<uint16_t, std::string, float> setting;

  };


  class time_t : daw_node_t {

  public:

    float t;

  };


  class automation_event_t : daw_node_t {

  public:

    time_t ts;

    time_t te;

    uint8_t id;       // the id of the parameter to modify over time.

    uint8_t function; // the function to use lerp on between ts and te

    uint8_t val; // value setting - 255 is a good range for input devices. Many

                 // keyboard only have just 7,

  };


  class automation_curve_t : daw_node_t {

  public:

    std::list<automation_event_t> events;

  };


  class note_t : daw_node_t {

  public:

    uint8_t velocity;

    uint8_t attack;

    uint8_t release;

    uint8_t sustain;

    uint8_t volume;

    automation_curve_t curve;

    time_t ts;

    time_t te;

  };


  class audio_effect_t : public daw_node_t {

  public:

    std::list<parameter_t> p;

    std::function<void> *fn_pointer(void);

    automation_curve_t curve;

    virtual impose(PCM_t data);

  };


  class eq_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class compressor_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class crossover_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class gate_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class limiter_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class chorus_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class reverb_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class flanger_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class phaser_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class distortion_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class bit_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class tube_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class rotary_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class delay_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class stereo_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class transient_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class filter_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class comb_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class DeEsser_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class pitch_t : public audio_effect_t {};

  class tremolo_t : public audio_effect_t {};


  class effect_chain_t : public daw_node_t {

    std::list<audio_effect_t> n;

  };


  class instrument_t : public daw_node_t {

  public:

    std::string name;

    std::size_t instrument_id;

    std::list<parameter_t> p;

    std::function<void> *fn_pointer(void);

    play_note(const note_t &n);

  };


  class synthezier_t : public daw_node_t {

    std::list<instrument_t> presets;

  };


  class sample_t : daw_node_t {

  public:

    PCM_t data;

  };


  class sampler_t : public instrument_t, public sample_t, public daw_node_t {

  public:

  };


  class pattern_t : public daw_node_t {

  public:

    std::list<note_t> notes;

    std::list<instrument_t> instrument_chain;

    std::vector<uint32_t> PCM;

    automation_curve_t curve;


    time_t length;

  };


  class track_t : daw_node_t {

  public:

    std::list<note_t> notes;

    std::list<instrument_t> instrument_chain;

    std::vector<uint32_t> PCM;

  };


  class timeline_t {

  public:

    std::list<track_t> tracks;

  };


public:

  void render();

  void play();

  void record();

  time_t start;

  time_t end;

  float tempo;

  float measure;

  float swing;

  float clock;

};


class audio_t {

public:

  audio_t() = 0;

  ;

  audio_t(std::shared_ptr<os_interface_manager_t> _os) : m_os(_os){};

  std::shared_ptr<os_interface_manager_t> m_os;


  void connect(std::size_t _size);

  void disconnect(std::size_t _size);


  void mix_data(unsigned char **, std::size_t);

  void head(unsigned char **);

  void tail(unsigned char **);


  // callback when buffer need filling. Only the data

  // parts of unused areas of the circular queue.

  // A buffer could be a connection the the audio

  // codec system. The memory is ALSA and also a shared memory buffer.

  // how to combine them into one seems nice. At this layer,

  // it should be a composite audio signal inside the class.

  // Perhaps one per application requiring it could

  // begin to become tedious in memory usage. Usually

  // the mix-down buffers are smaller for driver interfaces.


  void virtual fn_buffer() = 0;

  void play(unsigned char *, unsigned char *);

  void stop();

  void pause();

  void setVolume();

}

} // namespace viewManager


Dynamic HID Devices Using OSR

Human interface devices that are programmed and compiled for specific types of drawing recognition and interaction of tools, apart from the drawing, cardboard per visual QR codes. 7 of 9 is smaller. The ability to strategically place these can provide an allotment of software objects.


Transport controls are simply printed on a card and the camera becomes the input device.


A flat mat, USB powered contains the materials to sense velocity. touching, in a lower-resolution grid. Perhaps cells are built for world sizes. Important is velocity sensing through it. A fabric on top, that is drawn can transmit the touch events, Or use powered fingertips, that measure distance, and pressure. menu contexts could be controlled by finger gestures very accurately, provided fingertips were sensitive. Versatile input controls for music. Gestures could be personalized, and wireless.



Another very real aspect of the actual provisions of a video instrument is the expectation that only one exists, or, there is not a clipping area. For example, as a physical device, the piano keyboard setup is a tuned mechanism is a hammer through lever action. The system of weights balanced within the construction design, to establish finger hammers. The strings, steel,

or select for the design. Felt on tighter strings provided the pluck.


Yet as a physical device, for video, one does not need all of the provisions to make sound. If a keyboard would extend a type of projection for the camera frame. A processing of OSR, within the embedded design according to a timing function. It could be formed, as known distances, between the entire surface. An optical physical design with a scan rate. Often too much data may be gathered by the camera. Clipping a 32 key with perhaps a 1 or 2-cm ruler in the bank. For practical embedded design, physically playing at a scan rate of even 5 per second can be playable. The granularity is controlled by the effectiveness of the design as a data shipping requirement of pixel space from the camera. A portion was wasted due to excluding the hammer and key functionality.


By achieving a rate as well as distance, some data will be advanced to capture from the simple optical design. Such as after touch, and speed measurements. The ability to achieve it with the mini tabs and camera, and be home tested, and then scaled down to a product keyboard design to offer more types of musical data to model the finger hammer design. Optical switches that are not binary, but depend on a type of physical movement. The compartment would be hidden. So light, that perhaps people would feel ripped off from the tech. Perhaps could even have a completely inflatable design, where the mechanisms and joints for the textile finger input, are riveted airtight on a join, a frictional and restrictive surface join, tool have this such as ball bearings, and locks that prevent complete revolution. Fully inflated, with air, and a camera, the keyboard plays, Perhaps with balloons a playable piano and drumset could be possible.


Having OSR and input scanning mechanisms from video sources or guided physical optical switches. A mixing panel for entering in various associated tracks. Selected real-time play modes. XY Controller automation. The frame shot of a keyboard may not be enough. Also, the data from midi is much less than a streaming video, with sound.


To think about a keyboard of this sort, as a dual-constructed device. Materials, and return position memory of the key. Interior keys often have a vertical switch that connects with the sensor array. So information is lost, from the direct connecting

sensors of the hinge sensor. A better reading for use. Plastic springs that last, can stiffen the movement. Other designs such as pure plastic with a limited movement by physical housing, to control the hinge input. A type of digital altimeter that

varies in resistance could be a high-level understanding. Yet the ability to utilize the dynamic software parameter capabilities of 255 velocity settings, capturing the attack as a depth time curve. And providing a range of start and stop measurements within the complete hinge sensor design. As a miniature distance of varying ranges, small spaces could use a laser per key, with optical data encoded on the mini hammers. Expecting to read a position measurement only. An important design function is scan rate will not have to be within the range for lasers. As a switch and physical key device, many types of functional designs can operate. One type of problem is that this keyboard plays differently than a typical MIDI keyboard. Soft is soft and hard is hard. With a combination, and the new amount of variance, often controlling the sensitivity for sound output volume. The ability to model intention can be elevated with better input switches that even a cheap keyboard can have, laser optical. Continuous scanning left and right along the hinge. The hinge is encoded with data, and the position is read from the microswitch. Yet the mouse laser offers a dpi, the amount of space of the hinge movement. A center rod holding all keys in place with air spring. Bouncy air balloon on the near opposing side of the lever action. Being able to even adjust the action mechanically by moving it.


Stiffness of the keyboard. The hinge structure, attached to the kay inspected via laser. Ultimately this produces the capability to have very flat keyboards. Such as the one you are typing on. If the keys were to be read this way, much more information could be gathered. Such as placing each key on a micro ball etched. Telling the side of the key. or an upper-case gesture. Lower right tap  is a function, where the alt key is used now. Accessing two functions of scrolling gestures upon the surface of the keyboard. Half or even slight key presses of varied tolerances can achieve functionality. For example, one key surface for brightness is gestures up and down. Tap pause play and speaker volume control. In less keys. The functions of shift, ctrl, fn, and alt left behind. The tab areas changed to a very nice locking slider for the length of space, and tap or press to tab. A tab is also the table command if pressed in the upper left corner. Arrow keys are better, full editing. The four directions of the typing focus, that blinking carrot.  An input and important function. Zooming gestures from surface contact are appropriate.


Touchpad sensitivity is of the utmost concern. The functionality of the touchpad saves room. Or even a velocity touch keyboard. The space key in some modes can be used as a very sensitive steering wheel. Not having to actually press it. A Left and right input for games. The Idea of an integrated controller mixes the realms of portability. Yet residents all of the time are encumbering. As a plastic piece that snaps in place over the top of the laptop, and provides good readings. One could stick your finger under the latched keys and utilize the touchpad momentarily. Often in such circumstances area usage a thumb ball can operate as the mouse.


The attaching of the keyboard without the touchpad, does provide for simplification and also advancements within the key design. Turning physical motion into a plug. Offering that building the sensor technology into the laptop device while the transmission is purely mechanical is optimum, This enables the readings to be focused on the domain of quality. One problem however is the laptop is only so wide. Connecting all 32 keys should be wireless. The compounding efforts of the physical hinge reading offer no quality of keyboard. Built like those hinged plastic pieces on the paper out tray of laser printers. Two pegs pop it into place. Black and white keys. under the spacebar, and near the hammer of the wire frame keyboard, are vertical hammer sensors.


Ultimately for an audio device such as a computer daw, keyboards can offer features such as track operation. Knobs and a finger wheel. In the upscale, perhaps keyboards wirelessly connected to an OS can provide other types of working technology. Such as the keyboard itself, having a touchscreen interface that is programmed from the wireless signal. As a given method of input, there are many various methods perhaps to change while playing at select times. Yet often touch screens perform poorly over time. The size of the fingertip and daw information must be summarized greatly. staged in the interface. Twisting a control is not natural for a touch screen, maybe knobs are too flat.


 

Video Playback
Some playing video requires context. Some video is encrypted by private licensed methods. As well, the UDP scattered arrival vs local file can play a part in the algorithm. At times video can connect to multiple areas of the system, the background of a screen. Video also should be able to be stenciled, and have transparency as well.


There are multiple methods to compress video data, mp4 for Consumers seems to be the base format most provide, yet mixed with different styles.


Video codes per frame can be rather small code fragments. An encoder is more extensive usually, unsure. Yet as a visitor pattern, a frame buffer decode is usual. A common set of routines can be employed to scale to function interface size, provide color convolution filters to change various aspects of the image quality.


Most formats are published. The ability to create a new video format for raw buffer input so that the effects of time and audio

playback can be synchronized together.


There is a need for better and smarter compression due to the macroblock size of the HD video pixel space. Perhaps a dynamic one that fans out until a color tolerance in the coverage areas has been met. How to mark the group to relate. There is a bound. An area, a number of macroblock pixels. They have direction relative to each other. Together they comprise a percentage of the video. Together they comprise a distance relative to the center.  



libvlc

https://code.videolan.org/videolan/libvlcpp/-/blob/master/examples/helloworld/main.cpp?ref_type=heads


ffmpeg


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libavcodec


the use of the libav codecs is most likely the suited based code. for video and audio. the processing most likely in another system ring.


the facilities and temptation to write code code processing and activating sound buffering is likely handled by the ffmpeg library. At times the interface is so generalized, or there are multiple routines.  Simply, to inform the decoder of where the memory buffer is and the size is the output.



 Most likely a full frame buffer with audio and video mixing. Playing some types of audio requires audio equipment. The range of audio effects is often simple for types of movies. Limiter. A system that uses the event and call back mechanism of the base system, file mapping memory can simplify the buffering system that synchronizes the audio and video image together. Most of these systems are built into the stream, that is the stream is already balanced.


An aspect of image and image at the raw layer is that they are very similar. Over the period of video, the system and subsequent productions of video, on-screen animations, and transitions, are solved using the integrated vector, and image transition.


KDEEnlive has transition and effect libraries, can they be coded or transferred? Applying a minimal format, for accuracy, yet

versatile in object spread, the system integrates all composite for real-time video production. Videos that may or may not

depend on a timeline. The multiple formats of compressed image data, 3d models, 2d vector drawings, are synchronized between formats on screen, even some parts of video from codec, decoded into the outer edges,  as texture and polygon are clipped at specific view ports of types of windows. GL, or software.


The connectivity of the font system, utilizing memory effectively, scenegraph, and also limiting the types of supported software. to balance both the current system and neutral system behavior. The ability to provide this real-time enables system experiences in the visual realm to be tailored from the GUI position.


Image Processing

There are multiple image formats, most are published formats. The expectation that only decoding is being done can be functional. The system layer would not make visual images and encode them. Or include it?


The process of color changes, and hue, contrast, blur, convolution matrix operations resizing operations, and resampling from one color space to the other, are necessary for OS and raster operations.


These classes contain the library functions, and sources provided in tree for easy compilation. Most code-based algorithms will simply be translated to this library yet remain labeled by license. Codecs. png is the notable form for raster and networks. Libraries exist that are extensive. Is there one routine codec per image file format? using only the memory to memory sources to a color space. The library for color space mapping has been utilized and be used by the entire system. There should be macros or something for applying two function pointers. In iterator, and out iterator, with the translation and order math between and applying it to the storage.Using the stride method of buffer advancement, in a secondary call, or can be internalized allows sub-components of the buffer to be translated.


Most likely a system summary and even short language would allow permutation of it as routines. Imaging the RGB, 256 color, and BGR, being able to be translated with much easier array access, and looping.



image controls that work with video buffers are likely integer-based. Often the video needs balancing to liven color. Contrast. Many systems in the past have been fashioned to balance in live settings. Some easy controls on the base output may be useful. For video and image.

Three-Dimensional Visualization Scenegraph
a software attachment to the video card abstraction layer using the existing components such as Vulcan and Opengl. The capability of the software to exist as an LLVM instantiated interface to an instance of the video card makes it possible to provide a better form of clipping and capabilities. The extensiveness of the scene graph collection should be based on functional parts of the system to incorporate into process animation. By placing multiple compiler requirements together, other forms of shader can be utilized. Yet the focus of the library is manufacturing game graphics as a base system. Easily integrated into a display with the text and rendering system. Integration with the UI component is also a consideration. Developed text and textures are necessary to transmit from the vfont text system. Beveling data, and lighting data. The system can use the same timing data and animation system as the 2d vector. Rate and time changes with events.


The system of drawing commands can be translated to ship the vector drawing to the video cards. Although most drawing is done by software filling. Textures.


A programming language that can function with the model parts on the page, to create charismatic and integrated events on the page, is likely to have held many different contexts in the past. Yet a consolidated language around posing characters is likely. A Language for houses. A language for objects, and developing an engine around those recursive problems that are not object programs. Abstracted and controlled for the domain. Yet as functional scene graph components, the scene graph itself is an object requiring a type of point data for its calculations. Mesh vertex, and index, texturing. The primary aspect of the object system is to build models within a specific range of polygons, texture amounts, and shader usage. Providing communication to shaders as a type of library function is possible. Typically these are small transform programs that are executed many times during the rendering process for affected areas. Just adding one, can make a glow. I have only glanced at the capabilities yet not competent in versatility.


Yet it does appear as a programming language likely C++, or c and there are existing programs that compile the language and produce suitable code for the actual microprocessor or GPU. Many existing systems have undergone extensive rework.

Therefore building a library of these routines, as a type of template, may be chained together to create more layered

aspects to the transformation, advancing shader creation.


The usage of the LLVM system to produce these as part of the reference in a store BC format form linking can produce functional and more advanced inroads to current usage implementation. Knowledge of shader capability and using the library to show leather couches with grains, beauty, some vinyl, textured and layered by blankets. In the light cast in the living room. The couch object makes sustainable environments for very advanced modeling.


The ability to summarize model settings should be very consolidated, as a binary representation, representing modes  supported as a base. Each base has parameters and styles. Mixing two styles as a simple variable control weight o give one more weight. Then again the overall model can be controlled proportionally more using fewer values, to design its space size within the geometric metric volume of the proposed environment.


As separate functional object programs from the requirement, value is added, as each component has multiple features, and even can be in its own language as part of the control. Verbose binary function calls. LOD and spatial communication by the scene graph object provide context. The parameters to the object are preserved in space along with the capability to link the object directly to other reactionary visitor requests. Can functional requirements be sustained? Most likely never in describing the Diamond ring object. A new wonder to utilize in extensive lighting conditions, next to the cave fire in a game. Yet the ability to preserve the intention of the diamond will have to live on.


Most likely a protocol communication format for object discovery with on-board documentation. Emotional communication. About the house, diamond, car, or types of smart object, the reference of a noun-based program is likely to design types of high-level summary for its particular part in gameplay. To make do in the world as this is an approximation. One that will have to be traversed to find a type of compression between building quality models. And algorithmically fulfilling the necessary target audience with inherited pallets of shader requests, textures, and gradients.


Models in a form, should communicate more intentionally their approximate physics. Giving the production a better effort. The forms of surface elasticity. Weight. Acoustical approximations of various sound attenuation at the objects requested view. In gameplay, explosions, bullets, and fire remark on the contents. More identity and breakdown of fire, and consuming time as it goes out. The gradual decrease of the effect over time. Some very large states but excluded. The third control on fire and

cross over to embers with a puff of smoke. The coach always has bullet holes attached, if gameplay suggests that one can traverse the world as a functional concept. Object storage provides the effect of minimal exposure to the details.


Scenegraph can be argued as a system component because of its nature with the video card. The capability to abstract a calling mechanism to clients and provide a data format compatible with system hardware is the goal. Clients are made aware using the visitor patterns of actors.


Game Publishing at Store Level
There are many supports to add to such environments. At times, the identity of an actual physical product is gone from the shelves and left to frame-ups. The cost of deployment and people wanting it so much cause occasional shoplifting. Yet enticements are to support new gaming technology at the store level with professional wall-based shelving. Companies such as GameStop proclaim the entirety of the physical identity of the gaming world as seen in malls.  Yet an environment, focused on publishing, entertainment, audience awareness, and also procurement of customers requires more. At the level, perhaps better wiring and lights on the shelf, connecting the product card with a scan demo video player that allows viewing of gaming materials for quick selection and study.


The physical world products of gaming devices also seem to be apt to mostly inert mice that are unusually designed. Are mice, trackballs, gaming keypads, joysticks, and others designed well for the input of gameplay? Often gaming keypads are set in numeric when perhaps other labels can be more direct. Such as the movement of actors, and options roll. It seems obscure, as a ten key on the thumb of the mouse, I pondered the data input mechanisms. As gaming considerings are comfortable, the inner world and 4k projection are comforts to the players. Often markets exist in the hypermedia realm, which allows family play such as watching interactive movies. The team play methods and group comradery are often not thought of in the gaming device.


The game lounge approach offers a next-generation appeal with some additional sustainment at the store level. Using a concession stand with wizard gadgetry is a fun way. Often integration of the products and characters provides a moment for some. Seeing that life-size space invader is a visually surprising picture. Often the works of electronic home games that are free become outdated. Elements inside theme parks have the same sustainability. Creating onsite memorabilia particular to the guest, game, and city live on. To support such activities, professional third party cleaning services are required as per business management.


The market of consideration is adapting to be a publisher and retain the store model. Companies such as Netflix made the stride for all to see how steep entertainment and creative economic systems can function together. As a yield, NetFlix offers a large variety of shows and movies that it develops. If one compares the industry, is there a whole milk and a dry milk comparison. THe field of film and storytelling are compelling subjects that require a type of focus. Often movies are simplified in the creative dream offering when understood from earlier forms. Conversely aspects of details and visual professionalism are new targets to integrate CGI, and realism. To convince an audience is a secondary realization of the individual viewer while captivating with interest, is the propelling cognition of a fictional viewing period. That is movie watching time as a task.


To provide a valuable experience in the gaming market requires the talent of many GameStop employees. Those with the understanding and developed acquaintance with interactive media. The provisions of letting a team storyboard a game, from the many lessons they have learned, are advanced. To allow a system where the employees at stores also may be leveraged to directly be involved with game development ideas to a dedicated source such as the company profile, provides intellectual property. The format of publishing media has been seen to evolve to great capability in software modeling. Often touted are the aggressive hardware supports for blazing fast GPUs. The mainstay is the art itself and gameplay.


A company may be progressed as a Game Publisher to also provide better gaming equipment or exercise the manufacturing cost in branded devices. Many things may be made from the assumption of a branded device and its usefulness. For example, gaming controllers made of rubber composites are easier to hold. The amount of grease and wear that shows can be reduced. The use of metals, better batteries, and human soft materials stems from manufacturing composites. Very few American companies exist that may provide such works. Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) and security are requirements as well as certifications in academics. Many times a company will expect third parties to wrestle with the ideas. The site in Alabama, Oneonta consists of raw land that can be instrumental in manufacturing many types of products. CalTech, Berkeley, or Utah State University can research aspects of these resources to provide a tactical relationship.


POSIX Adaptor and Language
The POSIX standard does provide some base features that are well-suited for supporting applications and also low-level programming. Linux is such a system kernel, yet other types of POSIX kernels are in existence. Simply the linking of the base services, such as memory, file system, process management, communications, and other device driver supports has to be provided using a plug-in format. The possible development of other select kernel types that provide an accurate time model for strategic computing exists. That is, other kernel types are available using the POSIX adaptor.


To discuss in detail more, let us name the types of kernel types.

monolithic
microkernel
nanokernel
hybrid kernel
exokernel


The Fuchsia project has a newly developed kernel that applies object oriented programming. The Zircon kernel has many base features that are wonderful when read. Device driver loading, memory management, and perhaps more. Yet from the allotment of source code within the repository, the codebase appears very large. Yet the amount of development necessary is larger. Filesystems are apart from the kernel. So the use of the Zircon kernel also requires Fuchsia. More research into booting and usage is possible. However currently there are only a handful of device drivers for the video system. The AMD board I have is not supported and hence the system uses a software rendering mechanism.


Fuchsia - Zircon

L4 Kernel



The development is exciting due to the newer architecture perhaps.  A large timelapse has occurred in the usefulness of the kernel. The dahliaOS project has released a demonstration product in 2022. You can utilize the .iso format (legecy development) in virtualBox to try. It seems that it is the future development path, yet as a very new product, it may not be considered mature for the product. The development path can be solved by also providing the abstraction to allow switching to the kernel in the future. Or if device driver writers would consider supporting more Linux tools. Most likely, some driver compatibility can be used to port existing device linux drivers to it.



The procedure of booting, known as a boot loader, is distinct. Today’s laptop has ultimately safeguards built in that one must provide types of signature signing keys using the GPT table of the UEFI portion. A specific area in BIOS. The process would need more discovery and also supporting research. Currently there are several existing boot loaders that can load the linux kernel and also support multiple operating systems. Typically the choice of operating system is non essential for users as most use only one. Hence the boot loading facility rarely needs a menu. Some operating systems provide other types of back and restore procedures to account for system viruses and malware. Any platform in modern day has the capability of being hacked, files read without the software turned on. Linux typically uses the UFW system (universal fire wall).



https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-linux-kernel-boots/

https://www.tecmint.com/best-linux-boot-loaders/

https://www.coreboot.org/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Criteria


Base System API
There are multiple versions of system API available in the modern day. The existence of which has been established through years of support and also research. At times, product advancements external to the OS have also provisioned it with noticeable additions. The consistency of the coding cycle often leaves legacy API floating within the specifications. To solidify, and also create more error-free coding practices, the notable complete application life cycle W3C model provides a robust nature for useful base requirements. An established identity, the namespace has been pruned with industry vision experts to the version in use today using a grown model where depreciated methods are washed away. The availability of working, error-free JavaScript technologies has encased many technologies and platforms due to the design robustness.


One may argue that reusing the complete browser technology offers less development, yet as a construct often the embodied browser technologies are provisioned with a focus on network transfer and boxed variable type computer language. As a refactored desktop technology, several platforms are in use today. However, the ownership, management, and also regard for native desktop development are askew. That is, typically the components are very robust, embodied, and full-natured. The code is regarded as open source and also is owned.

OS System Printing
The complete life cycle of producing a device OS must be powered by multiple technology patterns. The type of software infustructure depends on the implementation details of the product. For example, some devices may provide software bases that are preinstalled. The development of that software in any computer programming language should provide distribution to the device image. Some device operating systems will be tailored to accept software that is installed from a repository. Such as a software store where select software can be assured prime for the device.


As an OS printing service, one expects that tailoring and composite binary image production be streamlined. This may include multiple build processes. For example, one process in the chain may manufacture the kernel for the device with specific device drivers. Another process within the chain may develop software that is selected to be installed as a base standard. Many facets of code compilation can be tackled by input.


Another perspective is that device capabilities may be more flexible to meet specific platform requirements. In essence, the hardware industry relies on software support to achieve interface and sales to consumers. Without it, all prospects of using the device are lost. The device is simply a mechanism to provide a virtual world where the user may interface using the arrayed HID. As modern manufacturing and CPU printing has advanced to even allow graph and visual language to describe the circuit design of components, the nearing of software and hardware architecture provides futurism and expansion capabilities.


If one could summarize the software layers for the device, obviously there are many more details to be filled in. Yet as a title board concept, simply it is a matter of drilling into each subject. For example, functions of the booting process for many PC computer technologies use the master boot record to load a program. The personal computer is looked upon as a generalized computing device in its inception and also the effort of types of software discovery that apply during turning on. Yet the method is one that may be selective for each device. In a new category of OS providers, the Nebula OS system provides for tailoring the image to the hardware. Examine the components below and imagine how a server-build process can be used to build a clean OS image.


boot loading
device identification
initialization of device
hardware tests for operation
software tests for intrusion detection
user identification and security check
device tree loading
process scheduling and state information
application framework
desktop application
user event system HID behavior response
default resource allotments (network, wireless, user information, cell network connectivity, GPS locator)

Project Based Planning
With a growing list of details, operating system production, subsequent software, and features become daunting components to plan. A type of visual architecture planning and project-based implementation must be instantiated. The premise that code compiled is tailored for the device by CPU type offers efficiency to the user experience.


The integrity and long stay of the system, if planned well, can surpass rudimentary architectures by supplying a type of abstraction layer for components. That is, changing from one type of POSIX kernel to another, or even supplying a new type of kernel can allow upgrade paths for the future. This may be accomplished using a type of process during the server build that supplies adaptable interfaces between components. The desired effect is that system software or application software, once developed, can be maintained independently and work in newer models. Another important aspect is that this allows for growth in the industry to depreciate legacy component models. In this dynamic computer language architecture, there should be expected advancements that roll over out-of-date idioms.


Visual Planning of Desktop Experience
 As with professional software approaches, the painting services of the controls should be configured for a theme. Perhaps the theme engine is suited such that the device meets a type of publishing expectation. For example, a device that is specific to a movie genre, the science fiction realm, the interface and aesthetics of the rendering would be input. Developers would choose from graphic templates or have the ability to manufacture the art assets and integrate them into the build. Using a high quality ray tracer for example can extend the process.


The end result is that multiple types of OS interfaces will depend upon components that regulate the user experience and also platform capabilities. The OS production facility, perhaps a server process utilizing multiple databases of sources.


Boot loader configuration


For consumer production, the cost calculation can be dependent upon a summarization of features.


While systems may never be completely far reaching, the capability of limiting scope to desired real world uses for multiple strategic areas is important. In this, simply name the types of devices that are thought of. As well, name the uses of software components and also limitations that may exist. Providing for new hardware components to be handled such that perhaps the SOC or motherboard may be adapted.

Rating
To rate the device as it applies to user experience can infer multiple numerics or support check lists.


This may affect the product market cost as consumers with these metrics can access how the device will perform for their needs. For example, everyone knows that the low end dual core cell phone is not as expansive, reactive as a top end model. The system should provide types of assessment and instrumentation software to run on demonstration models of the device.  That is a distinct version of the OS as an assessment tool. There are many items to measure for the device and its components. For example, if the device were a portable game machine, one metric could be the video rendering system.

Security
In modern day, technology, the production of it, is always under attack. Competitors wish to control the market place by excluding some. They need problems to occur in the production of a footprint, the plan, or any part of the chain. By recognizing that the competitor's cycle can include even environmental intrusions, the parts of the system responsible for printing the OS must be very failsafe and have security checks. For example in America, you can expect that non Nato members are seeking to destroy the operation.


For example, the gentoo operating system is one that may be compiled. The chrome book is based on these sources, yet as an open source operating system, network attacks are in place. Trying to download the source files from Utah State University will not work while the only version to download is from the Chinese data servers. These problems are typical corporate hacks. Using denial of service attacks is a temporary effort and cannot easily be traced by the FBI Cyber Crime division.


The system design must be one that assures code base integrity. At times, not relying on network services in a real time capacity. Systems that are designed as such accept code updates for their component sources. For example, a new kernel source to be installed. The development of operating system kernels, computer application software is a highly prized effort with emblematic trophies. Such as the Berkeley BSD which is developed in part at the California University. The type of character presented is a type of ghost painted red with a pitch fork.


Customers of the printing service may also be a type of prized asset. The products that they design, assets, and software is to be calibrated exactly as they require. Hence the designs must be safeguarded.

Automated Testing
As a versatile printing system, several cases exist where competitors in the market create a new exciting design. New software that is to be also compacted within the printed image. The most robust systems such as OS/2, still running in the New York transit center stations at the card fare terminals, used robust testing cycles. Back in the day when it was developed, a complete computer lab was set in motion to constantly execute multiple tests upon the software and OS subsystems. The OS/2 kernel and design eventually became the integral part of Windows NT. As Microsoft and IBM partnered in the development in Boca Raton Florida. There are some critics that would have stayed with the more proper form of API and Message ID information names. I remember the game of golf inside the IBM building with all consultants being leveraged with a motivation speech to fix bugs, compete and win. The slogan was NT, means “not there”. In those days, the corporate climate was interoffice yelling at what my boss called “second class citizens.” OS/2 did not have a prayer to survive and Microsoft won the world wide victory in its polished version.


Yet today with America’s new leverage in computing software architecture, both of these companies may be out planned. Automated testing of the printed OS image and its components has to be accomplished. The system should be designed to leverage the aspects of finding bugs and documenting the system dump.

Avenues of Customer Deployment
Multiple types of tools and Operating System combinations will exist.

A Development OS and tools for client software production
Footprint for client OS
cell phone, laptop, tablets
game machines
arm chair remote controls  with home entertainment integration.
electronic wallets with government approved storage. The wallet provides publishing of the details, updating through wireless services changes such as address.
CAD terminals for 3D printing devices
Industrial planning tools with network at the field. Multiple projects may be seen to exist now, such as rugged tablets, or laptops.
Medical equipment field, xray, MRI, microscopes, customer sign in, etc.
car dashboards with better font and configured readouts for speed and RPM. With the inception of OLED screen technology, its permissive bending and very flat surface capability, strengthens the integration of it within the complete dash board. Typically cars, even the color of them, how they look change the long term decision making of acquirement. By introducing advanced aesthetics for the dash board, on board media (audio, video) and mapping features as a kit, OS, driver assistance and sensor readouts, a trun key provider may excel in next generation electric vehicle production of some of the components of cars.
home automation control terminal or touch screen tablet.
secure communication devices such as used by civil service.
cell phones that focus on user’s expectations. The variety of cell phones establishes a market in the practice of manufacturing. When comparing the most and least expensive cell phones, typically components operating speed and software compel purchase. Many of the wireless contract providers provide similar costs for calling services. The ability to compete within the market as provider states that software tailored for the user audience is the advancement that interests users. The ability to break away from the types of interface design, and provide the creation, advanced consumer animation brings the device to the forefront. As well, an organic device that changes its appeal, or does not perform the same visualizations each time provide interest.
telescopes with easy controls.
footprint for os printing, secure wisiwig
system distribution with server build system -
cluster os for cloud processing, typically a BUS problem and network processing
visualization server for immersive works
arcade booth game projection kit
socialization devices, the charmed style device for hithub.
database server warehouse. Fire proof backups are a main responsibility for many high end consumer industry technology coordinators. Machines that may publish self serving interfaces with even a mounted display on the server is very useful.
web server os that provides the ecommerce protection and software base for many simplified uses. Customers need to produce store catalogs. A series of network devices that provide business management. These handheld devices are securely registered. For the retail market several component oriented devices arise. Cameras
Retail and business oriented smart cash registers that provide extended customer relationships, catalog production.
A very nice tablet camera with professional editing and publishing for videos, Styled to have the capabilities inately as provisioned to also have server attachments. Yet the dry mixes of no story or professional AI guidance to project making as a film device needs leadership of film making capabilities. Perhaps the short story segments, and the many other attributes encompassing film are labeled and transfigured into a type of knowledge. For example one of the most famous forms of scene making stems from natural placement. The Magic Ratio is a neurological understanding of our forms as bipeds, standing and feeling comfortable with a measured view.  What is at the edges, and the placement of detail form. The compelling forms of dynamic acting, as characters traverse in multiple places find often devices such as a microphone. The proximity of scenes and organized fun toys can be narrowly placed into activities that teach story making ideas. Ways of using the camera device with a project and live hosting character for learning.
kiosk production
shopping carts
coffee machines that operate with kiosk and remote ordering. You know, that professional donuts place. At times you can get only one glazed. But you want more. The capability and motivation for employees comes simply from first having the tools. If they would be promised 25 cents for a sprinkle from an array of ingredients to make fresh, that is the best donut shops. The coffee machine adds to the balanced quality. Good donuts and good coffee. The machine, as produced by Krispy Kreme is simply a company invested and manufactured tool. The capability of a multi bean coffee grinder with hot boil steam and french press is a very achievable technology. The adaption to utilize the phone is automatically transfigured. Yet with the enticement of table tops, that wonderful sweet thing dripping can be made. Often the krispy kreme shop is open, staff making the diligent sales, but the place is not filled. Yet are their compelling rejuvenations. Combined with better coffee, to match donuts, leverage the expensive environment that other stores do not have. A secondary type of home, where perhaps more elite people meet for morning, afternoon and late night fun.
table tops for Krispy Kreme donuts. Always good glazed.
music production and new modern instruments. Glass, projection, midi, metal keyboard, and trackball. Futurism in expansion of control inputs. Battery portables. And professional battery portables for equipment. 12 hour charge. 24 hour playing.
electronic catalogs for customers
electronic signs for retail industry
gas pumps and electric charging stations
car mechanic testing equipment
LCD projectors have realized the new ultra thin credit card layer, reports the Redmond, WA scientific community. Together coupled with specialized SOC microprocessor technology, and versatile OS system, new forms of computing devices may thrive. Such as seen, keyboards that are wireless, that connect securely to the device. The device can project the image at HD readable sizes. One could see for example, pointing the device to an area in hand while the area is treated for reflection. A rectangle for fitting it in size. Perhaps private areas may cloud the viewing range with an ertrusion or border blind. Have constant focus and angle update as the device can move on a ball. This accounts for human movement while they are holding it and breathing, The picture phone stays steady. Can also watch movies on bigger screen. The biggest concept is projection. Perhaps a phone can be made to have the on screen small form using the OLED and also allow the user to project for a while and be entertain with a 21” max screen.
System Coding Standards and Document Requirements
Object Oriented

Refactored Consolidated Names

Using the Doxygen

